text
My former employer fired everyone when they had to shutdown so they could avoid paying out sick time and make everyone go through the hiring process. Is this legal? The title says most of it. I just heard back from a friend of some people that worked at my old job, a local NYC roaster with around 200 employees and 9 locations. We’ll call them Cafe Mooby. Cafe Mooby stayed open until the last minute, and then terminated everyone’s employment. From my experiences with my company, I was allowed to use my sick pay to get one extra paycheck after leaving work, and being told that as soon as I want to come back, I can do so without any paperwork. The move from Cafe Mooby seems super shady, and they did a bunch of shitty things when I worked there. I’m just curious if it’s legal, and if the workers can file a wrongful termination class-action lawsuit or something?
"Landlord is updating snow removal policies and imposing fines In Maine, my landlord (commercial property management company) updated their snow removal policy just prior to a rather large storm. The policy states that between x:xx time cars cannot be parked in certain lots and between x:xx time cars cannot be parked in other certain lots due to snow removal from all the parking lots. 

After the storm my wife, who works from home some days, was not available to move her car during these very specific times for plowing. When she was able to get outside and move her car she was advised by representatives of the property management company that she gets a pass this time but next time they will fine us $50 if they have to text us to remind us to move our car and $100 if the car isn’t moved in what they called a “reasonable timeframe”. 

Nowhere in my signed lease does it mention anything about moving cars for snow removal or reference any policies regarding snow removal or fines. They posted the policy well after our signed lease and did not request any confirmation of receiving the policy or signature stating that we agree to the policy."
Ceiling collapse Hello all, I moved into my apartment in August of 2019, and when I moved in the ceiling had collapsed in the bedroom. My landlord had fixed the ceiling within two weeks so that was okay for me because my classes hadn’t started. Fast forward to today, I go to check on my apartment because I am at home with my family because of covid I walk in and the ceiling is collapsed again this time breaking my dresser, flatscreen tv and ruining my clothing and bed. Keep in mind this had just been replaced less than a year earlier(10 months). So I call him and don’t get a call back for about an hour to which he replies “ well I’m not sure if I can get that fixed because of the virus probably not for a month or two”. Is there anything that can be done because I had planned to move back in but I cannot because there are wires from the ceiling to the floor, insulation and ceiling tiles all over. And to top it off it seems as though a whole chunk of sheet rock and plaster fell through right where I sleep that weighs about 65-80 pounds. If I was there in bed it could of caused some damage. Basically I’m asking what steps should I take and what would you all recommend. Thank you all!
"Need Help with Rescheduling 2020 Wedding My wedding date is September 6th, 2020. Due to the pandemic, our venue has started rescheduling May, June, July, and August weddings. We are trying to reschedule ours, and are faced with the following challenges:

1. On our call last week, we were told of multiple September dates being available. On our call today, only one September date remains. Our coordinator told us they were rescheduling chronologically and we would be able to pick dates within our wedding month in 2021. It appears they are not following their own process - where did those other September dates go?
2. September 5th, 2021 is available, but the venue is charging 2021 pricing to rebook. This would be a 30% increase on what we are paying in 2020. 
3. Force Majoure has been applied to May, June, and July, but not August and September as of yet.
4. Our contract really does not leave any room to cancel without engaging in a legal battle.

I'm wondering how we can negotiate or find a way to move our wedding to 2021 without incurring this astronomical pricing. It feels we are trapped on both sides (if we cancel, we lose money, if we reschedule we lose money).

We have set up a call with the COO of the venue to try and negotiate... any tips are appreciated."
"TX Emergency Advice So not 100% sure where this goes but I figured this would be the best place for right now.

I live in Tx and recently there was an altercation so I live with grandparent who wants me to leave but my stuff and everything I own is in there. I'm locked out and as far as I know they can't just lock / kick me out without eviction notice.

I can't get in, I'm suck outside and I'm not sure if I can call the police or not or what to do. 
I've tried knocking and seeing if anyone is home but there's nothing."
"[MN] Issues with live-in guest and threats of eviction At the start of this last school year one of my roommate's fiancée (P) fully moved into our rental house and began trying to control any and all decisions within the house along with getting upset if we don't do as she asks. I had finally had enough in January when she began screaming at me about something very unimportant as I was leaving for work so I sent an email to my landlord requesting that she be asked to leave. This didn't accomplish anything as the landlord is her soon to be parents in-law, and I was deferred to talking to their son the ""property manager"" and was told to just be nicer to her and do as she says. This being something I refuse to do as she is an nonpaying tenant of the house. Every since I did this she has had it out for me, trying to find anyway to get me evicted from the house. 

On Friday night P 'caught' two of my other roommates and I vaping in one of their bedrooms after barging in without being invited in and reported it to the landlord under the premise that I was the only one doing it and that I was actually smoking. Which is something I don't do anymore as I quit cigarettes last summer when I began vaping which I have been doing all year in the house without a problem. From my understanding of Minnesota law they would need to also list in the lease that vaping is not allowed as its a residential house, is this correct? And is there a way for me to break the lease as they are unwilling to remove P from the house and she is causing me mental/emotional harm?"
"The company I'm renting from hasn't taken care of the mice problem in my apartment after I've reported it for months I have lived in this apartment for a year and a half now. I am a college student renting for the first time, so I'm not really experienced with how all this service request stuff is supposed to work. 

Last winter, we had a mice issue. We called the property owner and sent in the work order. It was taken care of quickly and we didn't see them again until this January. We called and had them set traps and it was caught. However, shortly after this, more mice were seen running around. We repeated the process. No mice were caught. 

In March, I saw more mice and reported this. Someone came out to set traps, but after coming home from a trip to find droppings everywhere, I didn't feel comfortable staying in the apartment and I stayed with friends until a mouse was caught. I explained this to the property manager and asked if there was a way for them to reimburse me for the time I had to stay out of the apartment or the time I would spend cleaning up after it (it also chewed on the walls, doors, and desk in my room). I received 25 dollars in credit for laundry. 

Shortly after I moved back, I heard more scratching and kept seeing things out of the corner of my eye. For a month, I thought I was being paranoid, as I called in again and they said the traps haven't caught anything. However, today while I opened my oven door, I saw another mouse run between my feet and into my living room before making a dash for the hallway closet. I don't understand how they could have not caught these mice already, especially when I asked them again last week to set up more traps because I heard and recorded the mice chewing on the wall behind the oven again. 

Is there anything I can do about this? Aren't mice a health risk, especially in a kitchen? Is there a more permanent solution?"
Forced to Work in Unhealthy Conditions during Pregnancy - Hospital Surgery [AL] A friend of mine who works in surgery at a hospital is being forced to work in surgeries that require radiation that lead cannot protect against. These are safe amounts to an adult, but the radiation team has advised it as unsafe for pregnancy. However, this is being ignored by her management and she is being required to work these surgeries. There are many other types of surgeries going on, so this is not specific to the job as the only surgery neing done. Are there any options or is it required of her to do these?
(Oregon) Wanting to break lease 6 months early When is the landlord legally obligated to start looking for a new tenant? Will they look during the notice period or not until you have vacated the unit?
"Condemned bridges and unsafe detours (MS) I live in a community very deep in the woods, and as such there are only a few ways we have of getting out to the main roads. The usual way happened to be across a small bridge that a state inspector had condemned for a very long time before our county finally decided to close it to bring in contractors to repair it (though there really hasn’t been much progress in almost a year) and our detour took us through several miles of unmarked dirt roads through forest service land, and another bridge that quickly had to be shut down because it was unsafe (meaning more detours through crappy dirt roads). I try to be understanding because we’re in a poor part of a poor state so there’s probably not much money there to do maintenance with, but I’m very worried that this is becoming a serious safety issue. 

The dirt roads are very narrow and winding, so meeting a car going the other direction is rather dangerous, with more than one person ending up stuck in a ditch trying to avoid a car. 

Between a few heavy storms and all the traffic of our community using the dirt roads, they are now full of potholes and the county won’t send people to re-grade them anymore. 

And between the state of the road and the poor signage marking the detour I’m very worried that in an emergency, ambulances and fire trucks wouldn’t be able to reach us in time, if at all. 

To the best of my knowledge no one has been injured yet but I’m worried that nothing will be done about this until someone get seriously hurt and sues. Is there anything that I’m able to do as a concerned citizen, or do I just have to wait for elections roll around and hope I can vote out everyone that allowed this to happen"
"Verbal Abuse at Workplace Hello.  I work at one of these big names companies.  Started working there 8 months ago.  Two months into my job, a new manager came in and replaced my hiring manager.   Things between us were not working well.

In September, this manager responds to one of my emails using terms that I found offensive.  I took this to the HR and mentioned to them that this was verbal abuse, disrespectful, and verbal harassment.  The HR after a month time dismissed the case saying my alleged claims of harassment and verbal abuse were false.  They also said they identified “opportunities” to improve the relationship moving forward!  I was so disappointed and felt that there was bias in their decision.  The comments the manager made to me in writing are derogatory to say the least.

In Texas.  When I told the HR and the employee relations the least I would expect is an apology, they said they cannot have him apologize.  The HR even said they were glad that my claims were dismissed!  So as a result, I decided to respond back to that three-month old email from my manager and copy the HR saying to him that his choice of words to put me down reveals a lot the true leadership style he has.  I told him I would put this behind my back now if he does not do this again.  I did not use derogatory words and was assertive in my email.

Now the HR wants to meet with me again to discuss this last email.  Can they fire me for standing my ground?  What should I expect next?"
"Not paid for orientation after being there 3 months I work at a pretty big retail chain. I started 3 months ago today and was told I would be paid for the 4 hour orientation. That day is the only one in that pay period, and while I am in the system as having been punched in that day, I have not been paid or gotten a payslip from that week online or in person.

 I've told my managers a total of about 5 times. It would've been fixed had the store manager let yea assistant manager just add in the hours, but they decided to go through HR. I followed up multiple times about that and most recently, about a month ago, I asked again and was told they'd just add in the hours after all because they were having a hard time contacting HR. But this never happened. I'm tired of bringing this up and feeling like I'm nagging and yet nothing changes. 

Today I finally called for myself and was given a phone number for ""Mrs. X"" the zone payroll coordinator. I called and got a full voicemail box for ""Mrs. Y"" who I guess is the new payroll coordinator. The voicemail instructed me to email a certain address, so I did, but what now? What are my options if I never hear back? It seems like going to my managers yet again is the only other choice. It's only like $48, but if you say I'm going to get paid, I want to get paid and I also really need every penny."
Police officer asking passengers their age; threatening curfew violation I live in Minnesota. I just witnessed my friend (18 y.o.) being pulled over at 1 AM for having his headlight out. After informing the driver and getting his license/registration, the officer asked each passenger (one 18 y.o. and one 17 y.o.) what their ages were, and threatened a curfew violation for them. He said that he would “let you (speaking to the 17 y.o.) off the hook”. I was a little confused when I saw this. Can an underaged passenger get a curfew violation if a validly licensed, legal adult is driving?? Wouldn’t this mean that a kid can get a curfew if the parent is driving? I’m thinking that the cop is overstepping his duties. Please let me know. Thanks!
"Got a traffic ticket for going 85 in a 70 in Virginia as a minor-what are my options and likely consequences of each? Back in January I got a reckless driving ticket for going 85 in a 70. My cruise control was set to 82, which is still reckless so I can't say I wasn't going 80. I asked the cop what would happen and he said I would have to take a driving improvement course and pay a fine, and that the ticket wouldn't be on my record after I paid it, and that it wouldn't be on my record at all until my court date, which is in April. I turn 18 in March, so I got the ticket before I turn 18 but my court date is after. Does this change anything? Do I technically have a reckless driving charge as an 18 year old or a minor? Does it make a difference if I show up on my court date with the class already finished? And does the charge actually go away after I pay it and do the course?   
Also, I'm not asking for specific advice on an attorney if I decided to go that route, but if I decide to hire an attorney, should I find one local to where I live or one that is near where I got my ticket? I was about 120 miles away from home when I got pulled over."
"Massachusetts- How can I collect on a judgment? I did some professional services work for a developer some time ago, designing houses around a private golf course. Things went OK for a while, but then the developer got in over his head and stopped paying his bills. 

The developer left me about $8.5K short, and I sued to collect. I sued the golf course LLC, the housing development LLC and the developer himself as a DBA. They all initially fought and refused to settle, but then did not show up for court. I was awarded the full amount in November of 2007. 

Eventually, the golf course and properties were sold off to new owners, and both LLCs are now listed as ""Involuntary Dissolution by Court Order"" on the state web site.  The developer is MIA. 

My question(s)- Can I go after the new LLC of the golf course or housing development for my judgment?  If I can find the developer, how can I collect from him?  How does one go about finding the developer?

Any insight is appreciated..."
"I'm 21, my mentally ill father died, and left no will. Please help me figure out my options. Location: Iowa, US.

My father ended a relatively short battle with brain cancer 8 months ago.

After he passed, it became clear he left no will. My brother and I are the sole beneficiaries, however there are massive debts against the estate. It stands that little of the money from his estate will make it to me and my brother.

Prior to his illness, my father suffered from intense mental health problems. While I am unsure if he had a formal diagnosis (he likely did, I would probably need to get hospital records), he was admitted to the Psych Ward on several occasions. Unfortunately, from what my family could tell, he became delusional about his own imminent death, and did not believe he would die. As a result, he made no preparations, no will, no funeral instructions, no goodbye letters/videos, nothing.

I have no doubt my father would have specified in a will to provide his estates assets to both me and my brother, had he been capable of assessing the situation.

Is there any legal basis that would allow me to inherit my fathers estate without it first being used to pay off his debts?"
What steps can I take if a parent opens my mail? I just received a call from my father and he told me he opened a letter in regards to a criminal traffic court date that was mailed to my home address. I am a 21 year old student still away for college. I want to know my legal options because he doesn’t intend to stop.
"Filed for Unemployment and got an offer for an interview for the next week [NEW YORK, SUFFOLK COUNTY, US] 

I barely have anything to my name to even travel. Should I keep my claim or notify NYS claims center about this?
Am I still entitled to any benefits at all?

Also applied for SSI recently, because it's been a bit overdue, and due to chronic pain/birth injury issues worsening and my depression I believed it was warranted.

Does getting a job again cancel all of that out?"
No mercury test since 1997 no gas check since 1997 and there’s one under the sink for a check that hasn’t been done since 1998? All of our facilities have broken since we moved in. As the title says I am moving out of my apartment and want to know if my landlord is going to try to screw me out of my deposit (two months rent since it was our first place so ally) since we moved in the heat stopped working the showers don’t get hot our fridge broke and was replaced our dishwasher stopped working half of the outlets don’t work and other issues. Since this happened while we lived here I was wondering if they could take our deposit. I have pictures of the tests with the dates from 1997 and 1998 if anyone wants me to post them
"(CA) Boyfriend accused of stealing customer's credit card. Was told he is being taken off the schedule while an investigation is underway. Boyfriend is a bartender, today after his shift he was told by his employer that a long time customer said someone at the bar stole his credit card after he forgot it on Tuesday. The thief then racked up $700 worth of charges (he has been compensated by his bank if that affects anything) at various stores with in-person transactions. Customer is adamant that the thief is my boyfriend as he was the only staff member working front of house at the bar that day. Work is taking him off the schedule until they can conduct a thorough investigation and when boyfriend asked them to please check the security footage they stalled him out and said they needed to make sure they 'have everything in order'. Until then he's not working indefinitely.

Are they able to do this legally? If they fire him over hearsay is there any legal recourse? Times are a little tough right now with COVID and he just got back to work. I know CA is an at-will state which gives them free reign but accusing someone of stealing $700 is also something that can affect him attempting to get another job. Can he contact the police to clear his name or is the answer to the problem just 'look for another job'?"
Whats the worse that can happen if I break a contract position? (NYC)  Im a recent grad whos been having trouble finding work. Got an interview to be a contact tracer (Covid-19) but its a 1 year contract. Besides taking my last paycheck or something is there anything they can do if I leave the second I find a better offer?
"(OHIO) Illegal Surveillance At Work? A few months ago, my employer claimed to have both audio and video surveillance in our building. I thought he wanted to spook some of my co-workers into minding their language around customers and didn't take him seriously up until some recent workplace drama. I'm working on getting him to admit this in a way I can document.

 It's my understanding that federal law requires employee consent to record audio, and that violations could result in fines or up to five years imprisonment. If I'm wrong about that, please correct me. If I'm not, there was nothing about this in the paperwork I signed when I began my employment and I've never received any other formal notice either. 

I'd like to know how I can act to protect my privacy without endangering my job. If he were to get arrested or fined, the business would close down. My co-workers and I would be screwed. Could I have him receive a cease and desist order to force him to remove the microphones, or would any notification of this given to public authorities result in fines or charges immediately? Is there a safer way for me to go about this?"
(LA) Landlord wants me to move out in a month, what are my rights? My landlord asked me to move out at the end of the month. Because I don't have a formal lease with them, how long does he actually have to give me notice before asking me to leave?
"Mother of my child took my daughter and moved (without notice), won't let me see her or tell me where she is. [NE] Changing names for obvious reasons.

Sarah (the mother of my 5yo child, Keri) has been living with my parents for nearly a year, rent free. She has lived in 6 addresses in the past 18 months, all of which for less than 3 months other than when she lived with parents. All of the sudden, around a week and a half ago she moved out while my parents were out of town. She did not tell me, or my parents, and refuses to tell me where she's living or let me see my daughter. I've tried talking to her but she ignores my texts.

I have regularly been paying for daycare with a bank account so she can write checks for daycare. I recently found out that $600 that I transferred to the account in November (and was withdrawn November 6th) went missing and the daycare Keri goes to contacted me saying they did not recieve any payment in November. I have a text from Sarah saying that she needed to take the money out in cash because she couldn't find the checkbook in order to pay daycare. After asking her about it, and specifically saying that if she didnt respond I would go to the police, she claimed she gave them the payment (I do not believe she did). 

She also sent a text message to my mother that said she would meet with her and Keri in a public place but if I showed up they would leave.

I don't have a lot of money to spend on a lawyer but she's keeping my child away from me and at this point I want to file for full custody. What can I do to reduce the legal costs of a custody battle? Is she doing anything illegal that I can at least go to the police and get a temporary custody order? I feel pretty helpless at this point so any advice would be greatly appreciated."
My landlords won't give references (good or bad) without me giving my 30 days notice. Is that legal? Portland, OR: I'm trying to find a new place to move into soon and I my landlord just told me that they won't give references unless we put in our 30 day notice.  What if we're applying for a place that won't be available until 3 months from now?  Also, what if we don't get a place in 30 days?  This seems very sketchy.  I'd appreciate any guidance you can give.
"Breaking lease due to failure to have repairs made - MA I have been living in my unit for about a year and a half. Our current lease is up at the end of August. Our first year was fairly uneventful, although the apartment is not in great condition. When we have needed repairs, the landlord does the absolute bare minimum to satisfy the request. We rent from a management company and it is obvious that they work to have everything just within code, and nothing extra, in order to maximize profits for their clients (the building owners). We have a number of code violations, which the landlord has failed to address, so I am trying to figure out the best plan of action.


**The issues**:


In the past few months, things have just really started to fall apart. We live in an old brownstone in the garden level unit. We have had two separate leaks, one due to rain in December, and one current leak (started 10 days ago) due to melting snow/ice. The landlord did nothing about the rain leak and so far has done nothing about the new leak. They claim that they can’t do anything until all the snow and ice outside has melted. That may be true, but this leak has revealed extensive water damage, likely from years of small water drip that we did not notice. It is mostly occurring in our coat closet and you can see that the landlord had boarded up the damaged drywall in the past. The current drip is so bad that the drywall has basically turned to mush and the board has fallen out. I think this is clear evidence that the landlord knew about the leak before we moved in and did not do anything to weather proof the unit.


We also are having ongoing heat issues. The apartment has drafts and is not properly insulated. The heat is working, but our space does not get above 62 degrees at night or day, which is less than what the housing code requires. The landlord wants to get us a space heater, but we have also had some electrical problems with lights burning out and regular appliances faulting the circuit, so I am not sure if this is safe (never mind the fact that heat is supposed to be included in the rent and the space heater would jack up our electric bill). Finally, we have had issues with our front door getting stuck and we can’t open it. I had the maintenance guys fix it, but I realized after they left that they simply took the weather strip off the bottom. Needless to say, our heating situation has worsened. I informed the landlord of this and it’s been a week now, no action.


**Steps I can take?**


I sent a letter to the landlord, certified overnight, stating that we will begin to withhold rent, starting next week, if these issues are not fixed. I gave them until close of business on February 24th. They came the next day and I walked through the unit with them, point out all the issues. I was informed that they can’t do anything about the leaks until spring and that they will decide how to deal with the heat, after an electrician evaluates the unit. Three days later and they’ve sent no one over to our unit. They haven’t even fixed our door, which is quite clearly a major part of the heating problem. I have documented everything, including saving PDFs from their own online maintenance request system. We’ve taken lots of pictures. I have maintained a journal of the temperature in our apartment and conversations I've had with maintenance guys or the management. We also have pictures of water damage at the location of both leaks, from our move in 18 months ago (as part of our documenting the unit's condition). At the time, we thought it was an old issue and assumed the landlord fixed it. There is a clear story shown here of the company ignoring problems we notified them of or not adequately fixing the issue.


I’m pretty sure they can’t sufficiently fix everything (especially the leaking) while we are living here and likely not until spring either way. If things aren’t magically fixed by Tuesday night, we will put March’s rent in an escrow account and send a certified letter to the landlord explaining our decision to withhold rent. We are starting to think about breaking our lease, but want to make sure we do it properly. Here are my questions:


1. I have read that the landlord has 30 days to address structural problems, like leaking. It’s been 60 days since our December leak, but we also aren’t currently having water come through here (it only lasted for ~12 hours). Does this count as an unresolved problem, since water will inevitably leak in the future, as evidenced by the water damage? 


2. In terms of our newer leak, it has only been 10 days, but can I claim that the landlord knew about the problem when we moved in? If yes, then this has been left unresolved for well over 18 months (when we moved in) and likely they’ve known about it for years. 


3. It has been 30 days since we first told them about our heat and 10 days since I began pestering them about it again. I think the landlord will claim they thought they fixed it 30 days ago and only became aware it was still an issue 10 days ago. A landlord has 24 hours to address heating issues, but I am wondering if this is technically a structural issue (unit is not weather tight) and therefore the landlord would have 30 days? We do technically have heat coming out of the baseboard.


4. As everything stands now, can we claim that the landlord has already violated the warranty of habitability? Or should I wait until 30 days has passed, since we began to have water leaking in our entryway? I don’t want to move too quickly and have the landlord claim that they haven’t had a chance to fix the issues.


5. I really *really* want to avoid going to court, if at all possible. However, I am afraid to sign a new lease and then have our current landlord pull us into court a month later. I think we’d win, but the nightmare situation would be that the judge decides we can’t break our lease and then we’re stuck renting two units. Is it unwise to break the lease without going to court?


6. We will be calling the city next week to send an inspector. Is there anything I should consider before doing this? 


7. In terms of security deposit, the landlord has 30 days to return this after the end of your lease. Does our lease still technically end August 31st, if we move out early? Or does end when we move out, having broken the lease? Does the landlord have to return our deposit on last month’s rent, even if the lease says we forfeit this by moving out early?


Sorry for the wall of text followed by 30 questions. I appreciate any and all tips! I should emphasize that my ultimate goal at this point is to just get out of this lease ASAP, unless the landlord magically fixes/renovates everything.
Edit - words/details
"
Child Support Arrearages in Ohio Long story short, my husband dated a girl and she lied about being on birth control and became pregnant. They broke up before she even knew she was pregnant. My husband was excited about being a father. She refused to let him come to any ultrasounds, or even to the delivery! She had full physical custody and he paid for formula, diapers, clothes etc. She then refused to stop letting him see her so he took her to court. He was granted custody every other weekend and was ordered to pay support. She once again stopped letting him pick her up and he paid about 6k in legal fees to fight her in court. He then got into some legal trouble and was sentenced to 18 months in prison. During that time she took their daughter across state lines, got married, and her husband adopted her. He couldn't go to the adoption hearing because he was IN PRISON. His daughter is now 14 (will be 15 in september) and we just received a letter saying he's in contempt for owing 13k in arrearages (364 to the state, the remainder to the mother) when he got the letter regarding her adoption her attorney said all future support would be terminated and that he was not in arrearages at the time of adoption. We really don't know what to expect next and are trying to find a local attorney that will give us some guidance. We spoke to child support and they said they really only care about the 300 dollars owed to the state and that his ex can have the past support wiped out. Any advice is welcome!
Too late to report? If I filed a report to NECMC about a post on Instagram a month after the incident occurred could I be in trouble? I’m worried if I report it now it would make me look suspicious and then I’ll be in trouble. Location: NC
No AC in TX apartment What can I do if my landlord is dragging their feet to fix my AC? I have emails and calls to prove I contact them and they inspected my apartment without fixing it.
"I got hurt at my current job after giving them my notice. I start my new job on February 12. Can they take the job offer away? This happened in California. I work in a warehouse environment with forklifts, electric pallet jacks, etc. I was doing my job when suddenly my coworker’s electric pallet jack rammed into my ankle, causing damage. He claims his pallet jack wouldn’t brake. I’ve gotten it checked out and thankfully the X-rays showed that there weren’t any broken bones. But now I have sprained ankle. 

As stated in the title, I start the new job on the 12th of February. Can they take the job offer away if my sprain doesn’t heal by that time? 

In addition, what can else can I do? Can I sue my coworker for personal injury ? Or if the pallet jack really doesn’t brake, can I sue my employer for providing defective equipment?

This is the kind of pallet jack that hit me:
[pallet jack](http://www.mhslift.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/Picture-2782.jpg)"
"[US] Updating name on passport free if done within 12 mos of a renewal, but updating gender costs full fee? EDIT: FUCK YOU, whoever downvoted this. It's a legitimate legal concern for a lot of people who may be going through similar. Keep your shitty bigotry out of it. 

TL;DR: I just renewed my passport but need to file a DS-11 to update my gender and name. If it were just the name, it could be done free. The gender change is going to run me $110. My first passport was listed in the correct gender, but was changed because I was a minor at the time; is there anything I can do to avoid the fee? 

Location: United States, specifically MA. 

I'll try to keep this as brief as possible - 

 I'm a transman and just renewed my passport in Oct 2017 so I wouldn't have to pay to file for a new one. I had read that a name change done in the same year as a renewal won't cost another filing fee, but no one told me a gender change would mean filing for a completely new passport (if I'd have known, I obviously would have let it expire and just done the new one). Firstly, I don't believe this is fair since I can make the correction to my name, but not my gender. Secondly, my first-ever passport was in the correct gender (male; a ""mistake"" from the third party my guardian went through), and I did travel with it. My second had the ""corrected"" gender on it (female; ""fixed"" from the first one because I was still a minor and not in control of the situation), and I also traveled with it. This most recent one has the same information as the second one, and was just issued in Oct 2017. I'm wondering if there's anything I can do to get it back to the original ""male,"" or else if I have any other options to not have to pay for a new passport when I *just* got one, especially considering the name change would have been free. 

Any advice would be awesome. I appreciate your taking the time to view the post. "
"[CA] I moved to a “luxury” apartment complex (barely 3 weeks ago) that has several years’ worth of burglaries, along with other security issues. My storage unit got broken into two weeks after moving in. I no longer feel safe here and want the option to leave. Anyway I can legally break my lease? TLDR: I moved into a “luxury” apartment and had our storage unit (inside the building) broken into. The complex has known serious crime issues (years’ worth). I no longer feel safe and want an option to leave if I want to sooner/before our lease ends. 

——————————————-

Aside from the normal loud neighbors, bad pet owners, shit and pee in places they shouldn’t be... My boyfriend and I gave our new apartment the benefit of the doubt even after the plethora of negative reviews, including break ins and cars being stolen from the garage. 

15 days after moving in, we discovered that our storage unit got broken into on 12/5/19.  We don’t know if it occurred that day, or the day before, but this is when we discovered that someone broke the handle to get into our storage unit. The shittiest part is that the lock/handle itself is provided by the apartment complex and they told us that they are aware of it as an issue (aka, it easily breaks).

Burglar stole my luggage (with a bunch of my lingerie, lol), and damaged my bf’s storage box. 

A police report was filed, I also filed a claim with my insurance, and, of course notified the leasing office to their horror. When we went in there, our leasing guy said, “THIS IS THE THIRD ONE.” Not sure if he meant that day, that week, or this month...

The handle was replaced the same-day. We asked if we can have our front door replaced too because our storage and front door keys are the same, but they said NOPE!

This really upset me because I inquired about these negative reviews to the leasing consultant I’ve been dealing with from the beginning and was told (I have emails) that the robberies are, essentially, not happening anymore, and that it’s not “that bad.” 

After the break in, it has been a can of worms. I find out my neighbor next door had his car broken into. Then today, I see that a girl wrote a review after my review (Yelp) reporting that her storage got broken into as well, AND her car also got stolen... She lives on the top/4th floor and I live on the first floor. 

Like I said, these are known issues.  You can scroll through Yelp. I did the math and at least 15% of the Yelp reviews talk about the robberies. 

A couple of things I want to note are:

1) This complex is about 3 years old and have gone through at least 2 other property managements 

2) Literally anyone can get in here. Common areas are not protected, we have a big back gate, and side gates. I saw someone hop that side gate last weekend cause it’s pretty low. They leave the back gate open when it’s not supposed to (even over night). We have fob keys but not all the common area require them, such as the elevator. Common outside areas also do not have enough lighting. Children play in the alley where the back gate is at!!

3) Our “secured” gate to the parking garage was broken for almost two weeks (it was broken when our storage unit got broken into). It was just fixed today. 

4) Around/before my storage got broken into, management sent an email about starting to install a security watchtower, which includes a lot of cameras, and some alert of system that can defect heat signatures. They just began construction of it this Monday based on their email. They only currently have cameras near the amenities. 

5) I researched the actual management company and discovered that other properties they manage (outside CA) report the same issues (security sucks).

6) My neighborhood has a relatively high crime rate. The government publication is public and shows the crime rates from January to August of this year (this is the most recent one this year).

I’ve done enough research (or so I think) that talks about Civil Laws here in CA and that it is the landlord’s duty to take reasonable measures to protect tenants from foreseeable crimes...

However, I’ve read our lease several times over and all I see is, “fuck you, we’re not liable for anything.”

I just feel misled and I’m still angry. More importantly, I think there should be  legal consequences and/or legal loopholes. 

I don’t care if they’re making changes now after years have gone by with the thefts and robberies. Only my bf has spoken with the leasing people here since the break in.  Bf said people in the leasing office were very anxious towards him since they all saw my Yelp review (i’m a “Yelp elite,” but that doesn’t matter) and said that corporate is aware of it as well. 

So, yeah, I just want to know if there is a loophole around my 15 month lease because 15 months is too fucking long especially after they lost me as a resident two weeks after moving in. And yes, I am an idiot for signing such as a long lease. $2k+ isn’t worth what I’ve experienced so far."
"Divorce with complications (could be a longer version of TIFU) So this may sound like out of a movie but its actually happening to my father: He is 72 and after 12 years of marriage (with an old school friend of his) he has finally decided on getting a divorce, why? Because in 12 years they have never lived together, sure they were married and visited one another, but over time it just stopped, so after 3-4 years of visiting eachother on weekends+ going on vacations together (my father paying for her) she just stopped visiting, had better stuff to do, they still talked on the phone every weekend, but that soon stopped aswell, at the moment they have contact every 3-4 months per phone, and she just asks how everything is going and what not. So after 12 years of marriage my father had enough and told her he wanted a divorce. 

You may think it may come from both sides, but here's the weird part. She absolutely refused to move in with him and always told him later, in 2 years when this and this is done, 2 years later she said in 4 years, etc etc, until now. She told him to sell his house (worth quite alot) and that she wouldn't move in with him (meaning she wouldn't want him to buy an appartment for her next to an appartment for him, she doesn't actually want to move in) unless he sold his new house (and got rid of his dog with it aswell). 

**And then!** when he finally tells her he wants the divorce, she is shocked (they talk over the phone each 3-4 months..) that he wants it and says she is quite happy as it is now and doesn't want it to change, also her first reaction after hearing this was to yell ""You cheated me with the marriage contract!"" (He made it, so that she wouldn't get his money when they'd split), which obviously reveals that she was just going for his money all along.

Now my 72 year old father atm living in **Hungary** (but actually came from central europe) with diabetes and his bones cracking, is left there standing, wondering what he can do, because she refuses to sign the paper, go to court or do anything, she said she won't move. 
He now is planning on scheduling an appointment with a lawyer, but it would really help to know what he could actually do? Does he have to go to court? Will it cost him much, what could be possible outcomes? He's really uncertain about it, and I really want to help, but I'm a measly engineering student with no clue on general laws.

I hope the wall of text didn't bury any responses, thank you in advance.

**TL;DR** Father marries Woman, after 12 years of not living together finally realizes she only wants his money, he has a contract, she refuses to sign the papers or show up. What should he do?"
Working In Other Countries? So I am planning to start sailing around the world next December or this December depending on Covid. I will be starting in the Caribbean and will need an income of money. Now I plan on helping other cruisers with repairs and other maintenance, mostly electrical repairs. Is this allowed? Do I need a certain permit to be able to do this type of freelancing work?
"If/how I can fight this illegal u-turn Alright so basis of the story is that I made an illegal U-turn and got a ticket for it, but the officers handwriting was messy when writing the ticket. So in turn the birth date was wrong on my ticket filing and got a court summoning, but it was for the minors(idk what to call it sorry lol). So I went to pay my ticket off on the day that the ticket had told me to pay it off by, but they told me I had to show up in court because technically in the citation I was 13 years old behind the wheel making an illegal u-turn. They ended up fixing the date of birth in the filing for the citation and moved the court date to a later date. 

Is there any way I can get out of paying to ticket using the wrong date of birth to my advantage? Like I say that it wasn’t me and I just let them fix the paper work because I’m a naive 19 year old that thinks the adults know what’s best? Or is it not worth the shot?"
"Receiving more than double my unemployment money...why is this? Hi, I got laid off in January for reasons not related to COVID-19. I was receiving unemployment money which was $860 twice a month. However, in April, my benefits have come out to $2,060 twice a month. I have not changed anything with my unemployment status and since my unemployment is not pandemic related I was wondering why this was? It's definitely a plus but want to make sure I'm not committing a crime here. 

I live in Los Angeles, California by the way."
"landlord wants to kick us out if we don't pay our months rent early. we have 4k in down  hey yall. so because of the pandemic, my mother has been out of work and my father has had to travel to new orleans to find work with his brother. we are in miami.

 my landlord has been demanding 1k, and not for rent. my father told him no, we don't have that kind of money right now and the landlord said he is acting like a child. so he comes to our house today unexpectedly and we had to give him the 1k, plus last months rent. today is the 1st, and he said hes coming back on the 18th to collect this months rent again (2.1k). he threatened to have us on the streets if we do not pay him immediately. he won't touch the down payment we put of 4k. 

what can we do? if u can, please put sources bc i do not want to get in any trouble for saying bullshit (i'm 17)"
"My school is regulating me to the female facilities. I (15M) am a transgender student a public Pennsylvania High School. I've been out as a trans guy for around 2 years and things usually go smoothly as bullying and that stuff, but schools have never really been great with bathroom/ locker room policies. I know that these laws are complicated but I'm just looking for pointers. 

Since the beginning of the school year, I have been told I am not allowed to use the boys restroom and must use the girls. I told the staff (guidance and principals) that I am, under no circumstances, using the girls facilities. They have no gender neutral/ disabled one stall restrooms in the school accept for the library. The library is far away from most of my classes through the day and it is very dysphoric when I walk in/ out of the library just to pee.

I've resulted to try my best to not use the bathroom through the school day. I usually have nothing to eat the whole school day (7 hours) and go home nauseus, tired and with a throbbing headache. It gets worse when I participate in after school activities, as I can be at school for over 14 hours and will not eat anything or go to the bathroom in an effort to not get dirty looks when I need to pee.

Sidenote, but I have also been called the wrong name on multiple occasions by substitute teachers (my teachers know my pronouns and my name and respect that) but that results in me being outed to my fellow peers that thought I was just a cisgender guy. The school said I, by myself, have to go to the administrations office 5 miles away from the school and talk with them as there is nothing they can do.

Is there anything I can do to get better policies because the staff at the school has done nothing to help."
"Nvidia GPU 970 Claims If people haven't heard, there has been a large dispute over the past week or so over the company Nvidia and their line of graphics cards for computers by the name of GTX 970. 

They claimed in the advertisement and selling of the card that it has 4GB of usable VRam, but people have proven that it only has 3.5GBs and is causing performance issues or lack there of extra performance.

Nvidia has claimed in tweets and posts on their forums that this was Intended and the card works exactly as they said it would. They also said that they will not release and drivers specifically for the card to help fix this problem.

I am wondering what legal action if any can be done in this situation. Is this false advertising, fraud, or any type of illegal activity that they can be held accountable for? How would someone go about this?
"
Wedding venue contract My wedding is this summer but I anticipate there will still be restrictions on large gatherings. If for example my state is allowing for only 50 people is that enough to get me out of my contract with my venue? The only place my contract mentions guest count is it says they allow for a 170 guest limit. I’ve read that this could be considered a force majure because they are no longer able to accommodate the capacity that we contracted their service for and thus are breaching the contract. My venue is not being accommodating at all amongst all of this and I’m grasping at straws right now looking for anything that could get us out of our contract. Any advise would be greatly appreciated!
"Some questions about child support. Hello Everyone, 

I should start off by saying that I live in Texas. About a year ago my wife cheated on me and left our son with her mother in the virgin islands; during this time I had a job up until around August when I got laid off. I went back home (I was prior military) to Virginia for some time and recently came back here to Texas. I checked my mail and I had something for child support; I missed the case and now I am behind in child support like $966 or something close to that. The only thing I saw was a paper dating Dec 2, 2017 with those numbers. I couldn't call them to ask about it because they are closed until monday, but I wanted to ask some questions here because my mind is eating me alive right now. 

I currently do not have a job and I plan to get one soon, but currently I have just been living with a buddy and been getting help from my family for my car bill. My question is what can I really do now that I owe child support? I am pretty confused because as far as I know she doesn't even have our son he is still with her mother. Another question I wanted to ask, is it possible to have child support dropped somehow if she agrees? I haven't really done anything wrong to her and until we stopped talking (like July time frame) her and I weren't really fighting or anything, so I believe I can talk to her to drop it if it's possible at least until I get on my feet.

 Thanks for any help in advance. "
"Would this be considered a security? Hi everybody,

Me &amp; my team of 7 and growing have founded a blockchain based startup here in the united states. We are launching our crowdsale soon that we’ve been working on for the past 8 months. We would like to launch a utility token to be available to be purchased by US citizens as this is the largest market and we are seeking legal advice, but all of the firms in the space are asking $50K-$100K to represent our company and considering this industry is approaching $1 Trillion that is very reasonable, but still out of our budget currently. If any securities attorneys are reading this, we are willing to exchange equity in our company for deeper consultation. As of today I would like to know if we would be safe selling this token to US citizens .. here is the following information I believe is important in determining this. 


1. We do not have an MVP. We will be using this crowdsale to fund the development. 

2. Our token is not an ‘investment contract’ , users will NOT be paid in any sort of dividends or tokens for owning our token. 

3. We are not promising any types of gains by investing in us. 

4. The incentive to using our token within our marketplace is that users get to avoid fees, and they can stake the token to bid on advertisements within the website. User with the highest stake earns the promotion for a set period of time. Other than this there are no incentives to using our token. 



According to the latest SEC press releases it seems we are safe, but I’d thought I would double check here to make sure. 

We are very appreciative of any feedback!

Thanks. 

"
"Boss forced me to go to the ER promising our company would pay my bills- they won't, and now I'm thousands in medical debt Hi, so at the start of the year I got a new job. During this time, I was also really struggling with a chronic health condition/disability. I manage it pretty well now, but at times it flares up and can cause serious back pain and make it difficult to stand. But I have seen countless doctors and all of them say that I am fine and this condition is unfortunately just something I have to live with. 

A few weeks into working at my new job, I had a flare up and asked my then-manager if I could sit down for a minute. When I came back out, he told me he was going to call an ambulance. I tried to explain to him my condition and begged him not to do that, as I couldn't afford an ambulance. He told me that it wouldn't be an issue, and that he had called our GM who confirmed that the company would pay for my bills under workman's comp and I would be fine if I just told the people in the ER that it was a work related incident.

He continued to blow things way out of proportion and I started to panic, he made me think I could be having appendicitis and that I needed urgent medical attention. I have high anxiety and truly believed him in the moment. The compromise was that I would leave work immediately and drive to the ER myself, so that he wouldn't call the ambulance. I did. I spent a few hours in the ER, they ran a bunch of tests and, of course, found nothing wrong.

When I came back to work the next day, my other manager told me that nope, the company would not be helping me whatsoever with the bills and I should never have been told that. She told me I'd be totally fine because hospitals don't bill you right away (as if I was a braindead moron who had never been to a hospital before, thanks for the heads up genius). The manager who caused all of this gave me a half-assed apology and quit the next day, because apparently corporate scolded him a little for the incident.

Anyways, months later, I've just gotten back the bills. They are thousands of dollars. Is there anything I can do concerning corporate? I was told by my superior that they would cover my expenses, just to be told that was all a bunch of nonsense to force me to go to the hospital when it was completely unnecessary."
"Liability concerns for long term lending of car to relative? I have a car that I would like to leave titled in my name, and licensed in my state (Minnesota).

I would like to lend it to my 25 year old niece (living in a different state) for a period of about 6 months.

I know that she would need to take out her own insurance, and I'm not concerned with any loss or damage to the car. 

I am wondering if I would be leaving myself open to any liability by leaving the title in my name?

I have searched around on the web and found conflicting views.

Thanks so much for your help and advice."
"traffic accident police report both parties at fault neither of us were cited Four way intersection. I am in right hand turn lane to turn left. Big semi in left hand turn lane. light turns green I go and next thing I know I am hit by the truck spun out in intersection. Hit on my drivers side quarter panel. A police officer was nearby and comes and takes info for his report. The whole time the truck driver is apologizing for being in the wrong lane and not being able to make the turn not knowing there was two turn lanes how he was lost etc just keeps talking and talking. There is a witness who states the truck was stopped and I turned into the truck. And the truck driver says this as well. This is impossible. I know this turn very well I know there are two turn lanes and make a point to look for the dashed lines indicating lanes and make sure to stay in my lane.  The police report has my side of the story that the truck came out of his lane and struck my car. The report has my story and the truck drivers which matches the witnesses story. The report says we both failed to maintain our lanes. But I know it can't be what happened. 

Since I don't have coverage with my insurance to pay for my damaged car there isn't much they can do. I contacted the truck drivers insurance company and they say I was cited which I was not and that the story the truck driver said is the one they believe and they denied I had any claim.  My insurance denied the claim of the tiny damage to the truck based on lack of evidence I caused the accident.

I don't know what to do next. Do I just call back the truck drivers insurance again and explain myself again?  Do I file a case in small claims court? How do I prove to the truck drivers insurance company that the truck driver caused the accident? I am in UT"
"Are you allowed to use music you don't own on a podcast? I would like to only use it for less than a minute per episode. I know most of you won't take me seriously here, but I started a podcast with /r/SquaredCircle and we want to use some wrestler theme songs in our podcast. What are the rules to this?

I am from Los Angeles, my two co-hosts are form Louisiana. "
Child refusing to sleep at other parents house. CT. All of this takes place in CT, USA. My parents recently got divorced after 33 years and 6 kids. All, but 2 are over the age of 18,  myself included. The minors are 16 and 12. My dad has been emotionally abusing my mom for a very long time, she has several mental problems (depression, anxiety, hording) and he has never been supportive of helping her. He started cheating on her last year and decided they had to get divorced so he could marry the other woman (they have not yet wed because he had to come back to the usa for his job). Right now there is a typed and signed document that states my dad is suppose to have my sisters Tuesday and Thursday nights. The 16yo is refusing to go and the 12 year old comes home in tears every time. Tonight she came home (instead of sleeping at his house) very upset. After a lot of arguing and empty legal threats we convinced him she could stay home for the night. My mom was barely involved in any of this, she doesn't have the to will power to stand up to him. What can he legally do if my sisters refuse to sleep at his house? They are willing to see him, but they don't want to sleep at his house. What can my mom do now to help my sisters come up with a better situation? Any advice would be helpful, thanks.
Question about being pulled over for speeding. Got pulled over earlier for speeding (was going around 25 over on a main road). To my surprise I did not get a ticket this time. He just took my license and came back a few min later saying be careful on this road, since its a main road. Is there a chance of a ticket being mailed to me or am I off the hook?
"I am a lodger - tenant let rental agent and perspective buyer come in the house and my room unannounced, with me in the house. Hello. 

Please forgive me if this post is going to be a little on the rambling side, but I'm still a bit shaken up by what just happened. I'll try to detail all the facts, but please ask me any relevant question that I might not address in this post.

Background:

* Me: 34 y/o woman, professional, lodging a room in a shared house for a fixed term of 3 months (ending 31st Aug 2016) in Cambridge, UK. I have a written contract for those three months and a ""verbal/email agreement"" with the landlady to give me a brief heads up (we agreed on 24 hours) for when someone would be coming to look at the room I'm currently renting. 

Situation: 

* I am currently on garden leave, awaiting to move to a new city to pick up a new job there, so I am mostly at home or wandering about the city, organising stuff for the move.
* Today I was at home, since it's a hot day I decided to stay indoors and relax for a while. I was in my room, headphones on, lounging on the bed in my pajamas eating a sandwich, not a worry in the world. UNTIL TWO UNKNOWN MEN LITERALLY WALKED INTO MY ROOM UNANNOUNCED. Turns out there was a planned house showing (landlady delegated these events to an agency, whose guy had the key to the house - also, I do not have the key to my own room) and NO ONE TOLD ME ANYTHING. Knowing Cambridge and being quite good at judging people's intentions quite fast, I immediately understood what had happened and played it cool, but no lie, for more than a second I thought they were burglars, or worse. I calmly explained to the agent that it was not his fault (he profusely apologised for the intrusion of privacy, he was very nice and I'm 110% sure he was being honest in saying that he didn't expect anyone to be home since he had been told it was an open house showing, which WAS NOT), but then my nerves got the best of me and I sent a scathing email to the landlady telling her that she had crossed a HUGE line, putting not only my right to privacy but also my (and my possessions') safety (I know, I'm 36891213% sure the guys who go looking at houses do not have bad intentions, but it's the principle behind it) at risk. I ccd the other tenants, the property manager and the letting agency.

Now, since you're the experts here, who is in the right? What happened? Should I just expect this to happen again because she has the complete right to do so?

Apologies again if this sounds a bit jumbled, but they spooked me quite a lot.

Thanks in advance for any suggestion you might provide.


EDIT: I am Italian, so I know a bit about rental/lodging laws in Italy but I haven't the faintest (nor the ability to fully comprehend them) about British laws."
"Need advice on car incident and following claim possibility (England, UK) A few days ago I reversed into someones car on a road outside their home. There was next to no damage to their car and the owner originally told me not to worry about it.

Later that night, her father and boyfriend came to my house, (the address was supplied by the car owners mother who is a courier and had previously delivered to my address and recognised me,) and were very intimidating towards my girlfriend (I was not home), threatening to return and call the police and were generally very agressive towards her. They were not exactly small guys but my girlfriend is tiny, and she did indeed feel threatened.

Anyway, they demanded my information which eventually was provided to them, and the car owner is now looking into making a claim against me, but I believe she plans on claiming for damage which I did not cause to her car (she says there is a dent but I am sure I did not dent it). I have pictures of her car but she does not have pictures of mine.

My question is, if she does decide to claim against me rather than settle it personally (which I would prefer), how can I ensure I am not mugged off over the damage caused?

Also, is it okay for her mother to hand out my address to other members of her family?

Thanks"
Eviction My landlord seems to think that he can send me a text to move in three days for violating our agreement and endangering his health. I have not been served a 30 or 60 days notice (I’ve lived here since September 2018) and he’s not the actual homeowner. He’s a tenant himself who’s not supposed to sublet. I’m not accepting the texts as notice but he’s going to move my possessions from my room if I leave the house for any reason. We’re still in lockdown due to the pandemic and now have a curfew due to the protests. I have no money or fuel because I lost my job in April. I want to move out even though I have nowhere to go and stay in my car. I’m a female age 67. What should I do? I’m scared
"My[m20] mom is being sued by my (ex) stepsister[f35] over my late stepfather’s estate and my mother’s house. Hi all, first time posting here, and on mobile so not only apologies for bad formatting but also the desperate tone. 

I am posting on behalf of my mother. Located in Santa Clara county, California. 

To begin, she purchased her house at the end of 2007, roughly 3 years before she and my stepdad even started dating. My stepfather and mother married in 2011 and things were mostly smooth sailing. My stepfather was a huge role model to me growing up, and without him I wouldn’t be part of college athletics like I am today. 

This August my stepfather was diagnosed with stage 4 esophageal cancer. He began to deteriorate rapidly and was in and out of the hospital for October. At this point he stopped chemo (which was why he was in the hospital from not eating) and began to recover at home for November. Instead of a funeral, he opted for a celebration of life, while he was still around. Roughly 80 people attended on Nov. 16 to see my stepfather and pay their respects. That morning we signed the will with him and multiple people present. We have videos of him from that day in which he is coherent, moving around, and competent. 

He did fall at the end of the day trying to move a table without his cane. Silly I know, but he was a stubborn bastard. 

On November 25, he took a sudden turn for the worse and began to lose mental faculties. At which point he was placed into a medically induced coma by hospice care under a program they called “intensive critical home care.”

On Dec. 1, he passed away. We lost a great man that day, and it was unfortunate that he went so soon. The following weekend my stepsister’s husband and her stepfather came to collect some dishes and collectibles she wanted that weren’t covered in the will. 

Now on to the dirty stuff. Today we received the following letter in the mail:

[Letter we received](https://imgur.com/q41M5hj)

To begin, this letter was from my stepsisters stepfather, a real estate agent. Now on to my questions:

1. The house was solely in my moms name, and my stepfather never made any payments on it. Does my stepsister have any claim to any value of the house? 

2. My stepfather left behind a car, which was in both my mom’s and my stepfather’s name. The car was listed in the will as being left to me. Does she have any claim to the car? 

3. This letter seems like a bogus scare tactic, is that correct in assuming it’s a bunch of BS? 

I appreciate all of your time and thanks in advance.

Edit 1: we have a meeting setup with an attorney that was recommended to us. We meet with them on Tuesday to hopefully draft a return letter.

Sharkshooter21"
[AR] My mom and sister's bf got arrested for self-defense Hello all! I am new to the subreddit and I have some questions; I live in Florida right now with my uncle, all of this took place in Arkansas, U.S.A. Right before the corona-virus my mother and father were having a verbal dispute that was completely fine but I walked on the scene and said some stuff and my father went to swing at me; this is not the first time he has done something like this. My sister and her boyfriend were around the corner and heard/saw some of what was happening and ran in to stop my dad we held him down because he was still trying to, and somewhat successfully throwing punches at his kids/kid's SO (ages are as follows me:16 sister:18 bf:19 dad:60 mom:54) my mom ran and grabbed a gun afraid her children were going to get hurt. Once she grabbed the gun she aimed it at the wall near my father. as soon as the gun was at her side I ran over grabbed the gun and dismembered it, we all ran out and after a yelling match and a game of hot potato with gun parts we ran away. My sister, then afraid of our father's mental and physical wellbeing so she called in a welfare check my mom and sister's boyfriend get arrested for domestic assault in the first degree and battery in the first degree separately. Do we have some sort of case against the PD?
"My Dad owns a business that he has always said he wants to be mine. It’s steeped in debt, and I have absolutely no interest in it. (TX) Last year was the first time he sent me a K-1 for my taxes after having been married and taking care of my self completely for many years. I found out I owned a very small piece of the company. I didn’t sign anything but I do remember around senior year of highschool him asking me if I wanted a part of it and finding out my mom or him taking money out of my bank account for it some years later. But I thought they were just hard up and being shitty. I was young and still wanted a relationship with my parents at that time. 

My father is pretty devious and has already shown he’ll do anything even at the expense of further going into debt to screw over family members during the divorce.

I really don’t want to inherit this or his debts. What can I do to protect myself?"
"Car Damaged in Parking Garage by Overhead Pipes I parked in a self-service garage.  Came out to discover a corroded pipe had broken above my car. It sprayed basically chlorine bleach all over my car which now requires serious paint correction work to make right. Estimate around $1000.

What is my recourse here?  Found plenty about when another car damages your car in a garage but not the garage itself.

Thank you!"
"Paternal rights | Missouri/Florida When I lived in Missouri, I had a brief fling which resulted in an unplanned pregnancy. By the time I found out, the ""relationship"" was already over. I texted him to tell him I was pregnant, he said it's impossible because he's sterile. *eyeroll* He was a turd anyway, so I dropped it. I applied for and received assistance from the state, including health insurance, food stamps, and WIC. I had my son in 2008. My name is the only one on the birth certificate. A few months later, the state asked me to provide contact information for the presumed father so they could pursue child support on my behalf. Before doing so, I looked the guy back up (I had no contact info beyond his name and email address anymore) and emailed him with this information. He flipped out, cursing and saying his wife better not find out because they were trying to start a family, yadda yadda. Incidentally, that's why I stopped seeing him, because I found out I was the ""other woman."" I emailed back, saying that I'd drop it if he agreed to never contact me again and if he agreed to not pursue paternal rights to my child. He did, and I haven't heard from him since. I declined to provide the state with information and never pursued support myself. I just didn't want the hassle or any connection with him whatsoever, even if support was provided with no contact. Dad thought I was nuts. Mom thought I was making the right decision. 

It's been almost 10 years, and I've moved from MO to OK and now I live in FL. Despite his ""verbal"" agreement to not pursue rights, it's always been in the back of my mind that he might one day change his mind, and try to get back in our lives. I still have the email address I used, but I'm not sure if those emails still exist. 

I'm about to get married, but we haven't had an in-depth adoption discussion, yet. He's not dismissing it out of hand, but he's the kind of guy who thinks through every scenario's possible outcomes before coming to a decision. It's on our minds because my son is getting treatment for ADHD, and the office we go to will not allow him to make any decisions or bring him to appointments without me, regardless of what I say. He'd consult me before making those decisions, anyway. 

I've been operating on the premise that if he's not on the BC, he hasn't contacted us in almost 10 years (beyond an accidental run in at Target when my son was 6 months old. He was there with who I assume was his wife and their 8ish month old daughter. So not only was I the other woman, she was pregnant when we did the do. The panic on his face at the time was, I'm not ashamed to admit, delicious.), and had never provided any support whatsoever, that any case he tried to build would have been worth less than the paper it was printed on, even if I can't find those emails.

Do I really have anything to worry about? Also, if my future husband does decide to adopt my son, would we have to make an attempt to contact the bio-dad for an official relinquishment of rights? Is there anything else I haven't considered from a legal perspective?

Thanks. "
Traffic Crash ticket So a little less than a month ago I was involved in a traffic crash, where I was driving a scooter in the city of Aventura (Miami) and crashed into the back of an SUV. The accident was completely my fault and I was issued a $170 ticket for it. After reading online, I saw that if any law wasn’t broken, then police shouldn’t issue a ticket. Should I pay it? Can you guys help me out with this?
"not sure if this is the right place but I’m wondering what could happen to me so I’m pretty much the opposite of the kind of person you’d picture when you hear “running for prom court”. the other day I decided to do it as a joke and make flyers to hang up like everyone else. As with most high schools these days, our school is undergoing a “juul epidemic” which has, for most teens across the nation, been an ongoing joke. So I thought it would be funny to poke fun at “the juuling” and made [this](https://imgur.com/gallery/F3Mi4SY) this flyer and hung them around the school, students hang things up all the time. A lot of students thought it was funny. 

Today I was buying my prom ticket and the lady selling them pulled out a folder, and pulled out one of the flyers after seeing my school ID and asked if I’d made it. I stuttered and she said again, this time more firmly “did you make it or did someone else make it.” I told her I made it. I believe that was a mistake. She asked me a bit about it and I just told her it was an inside joke amongst the students. She sold me the ticket and i was on my way, this was about an hour ago. 

I am a senior in high school and graduating in less than a month. I have never really “been in trouble” in this kind of way, just like detention or ISS for being late or breaking the dress code, but never anything serious. This is a large public high school in Atlanta. 

My friend says I won’t get in trouble over a flyer, but I’m not going to lie I am quite worried. I’m afraid what i believed to be a harmless joke may get me in serious trouble. I’m afraid of the school searching my phone, so I deleted any drug-related pictures (yeah this is just nicotine but still they might use other things against me) and messages off my phone, I have nothing on me or in my bag that could get me into trouble. I’m 18, will the school contact my parents and tell them to do something like search my room, or not allow me to attend college? 

Mostly I just feel like an idiot but I really can’t afford the consequences and I’m really freaking out to be honest. 

Tl;dr- made a satirical flyer for prom queen and may get in trouble for it"
"Contractual words that are not defined Los Angels, CA

Hello,
My coworkers and I signed a contract that had a lot of undefined terms to which we all interpreted differently than our boss. It is my understanding that when a contract does not specify something interpretation belongs to that of the signer, correct? For example in the contract it says ""week"" which all of us took to mean 7 days rather than a 5 day work week. Also, there was no clause about accruing vacation, but a clause about our trial period ending after 3 months which one person took as ""all vacation days are available after those three months"" especially since no accruement were listed on our checks and the spaces for that was blank. While our employer says because non of us have been full time (which is incorrect to begin with) we are just out of the know that these things are standard in all work contracts at companies and dont need to be specified. Does anyone have any advice on where I can find CA or federal laws about interpreting contracts?"
"I made a social media post venting ""this job sucks"" and my employer gave me the rest of the week off. Hey, hopefully this is the correct place and the correct flair but I thought they couldn't let someone go based on an employee venting on social media in Wisconsin? If I'm wrong then I'm wrong. They told me to take the rest of the week off and if I still want the job I can come back in Monday. I feel like this is a little messed up because I was just venting my frustrations online and now I'm screwed out of 2 days of pay because of this. I since deleted the post but it wasn't anything vulgar beyong ""this place/job sucks"".

&amp;#x200B;

I have a feeling now they'll hold this against me in the future and refuse to give me raises. I still feel like I have a right to vent about work conditions."
"Breaking lease early due to uninhabitable situation State: CA

I've recently lost a bike that was tied to my balcony (I'm on the first floor). This happened while I was asleep at night, during the shelter-in-place period. It's almost impossible for someone to reach and grab from the outside of the balcony - someone has to have jumped over the fence and then grab it. I do live in a gated community (so it's gated, and then I have a 6ft tall wall around the balcony). I don't feel safe living in this unit anymore so I have tried to contact the leasing office to transfer to another unit but they have failed to respond back to me for 3 weeks.

Due to increase in thefts and car break-ins due to economy pitfall, I'm pretty confident more thefts will happen. What really concerns me is though there is no surveillance system to the gate of the community, and the balcony door is very.. balcony-door-ish. Meaning it has a huge square-glass in the middle that anyone can break in. It was not really a problem when I moved in, but now I actually experienced burglary, I do feel little unsafe and the leasing office has done no effort to do accommodate. Actually, even before trying to accommodate, they have ignored my calls and when they picked up and said the manager will get back to me, she never did. I don't even know if she got the message tbh. Can this be suitable for uninhabitable situation? I'm ultimately trying to break the lease without penalty and move out of this community."
One of my workers in another state brought his nephew to work for a week, I have to pay him? One of my employees that works remotely brought his nephew to work for a week because his license was suspended (needed a driver).  His nephew never discussed wages or did paper work with us to be an employee.  Now he's reaching out saying he worked as a helper the whole week with his uncle and that his uncle said we told him we'd pay a particular hourly rate.  I'm willing to pay him, I'm just wondering what the legal side of this is, do I have to?  Probably will just to make a low cost situation disappear.  Does his uncle owe him money or me?
"I'm writing my own contract for freelance work and am wondering if this section on payment schedule is worded appropriately. Hey! 

I'm a graphic designer in Texas and I'm revising/writing my own terms and conditions. While, there may be a couple of sections that I'm not 100% certain about, I really way to double-check that this section on payment schedule is worded in a way that makes sense and doesn't have any weird holes.

* Prior to project commencement, client will pay one-third of the total project costs in the form of a down payment. The client will pay the second one-third of the total project costs to the designer at the mid-point of the project timeline, and the remaining one-third of the total project costs to the designer upon completion of the project. Original artwork and production files will only be supplied to the client once the total project costs have been paid in full. Should the client require work to be completed sooner than the originally agreed upon schedule, a rush fee of 50% of the remaining, or required, work may be applied. 

Thank you so much in advance for any help! It's genuinely appreciated."
"Cancelling an Ontario lease because of wrong address? Hello all,

My girlfriend has signed a lease about 6 months ago where the address is X. X is a private dorm. 

However, she was placed in what they call a townhouse, that's essentially a two story house I guess that's physically connected to the main building. However her townhouse is not accessible from within the building located at X. She has to cross a back alley to get to it. Her real address is Y, the private residence even told her her mail should be delivered at Y. 

Is it possible to cancel the lease based on the fact that it says she should be living at X, but that she lives at Y? If not, is there any recourse to canceling a lease?"
"Landlord cashed a voided check and took double what move out fees were (Bexar County, San Antonio, Texas) Greetings Reddit,

I was renting a room out of X's house until things got very sour between us after the death of an animal. I ended our contract early in May 2013, paid move out fees detailed in the contract, and left. In paying the move out fees I made a slight error on the check and X contacted me saying the bank may not accept it and I'd be liable for fees that are associated with bouncing a check. I went to my bank, had the check voided, and mailed another check. X cashed this check in June 2013.

December 2014 comes around, a year and a half later, and I'm looking at my financial statements and come to find a check had been cashed that I don't remember writing. I called my bank and they said it was the voided check. She cashed it right before the holidays. Their policy (Navy Federal) is to only void a check for 180 days, after which it becomes stale-dated. However, Navy Federal does not have a policy against cashing stale-dated checks. USAA, X's bank, does, but won't refund the amount because they were not the ones who released the funds.

My question is: If I sue in small claims court, is there anything you guys can think I can reference that will build my case? I have statements from both banks saying the check should not have been cashed. I have a copy of the contract that details the move out fees. I have a copy of both checks that detail what they are paying (I know what is written on the check and what it is paying for is not legally binding)

Thank you and have a good day. "
"What happens if I notify the DOL that I have started a new job that makes less than I did before, and less than UI benefits? If you don’t need/care about and elaboration, skip to the last paragraph. 

My company has put me on furlough. It has been about 2 months now. I’m not confident that I will be brought back, so I am looking at other options.

Unfortunately, it is unlikely that I will be able to jump into another job and instantly start making as much as I am on currently on UI. Don’t get me wrong I AM making less on UI than I make at work. My furloughed position pays us way more than the market value of similar positions. And doesn’t really help me qualify for a higher paying job somewhere else. At the end of the day, I was going to have this problem anyway if I quit or got laid off. The pandemic has just forced it upon me earlier than anticipated. What sucks is, I’m not really “qualified” to do much of anything else that pays well except sales.

I am wondering if I would be able to continue to receive some benefits if I start work at another company where I would be making significantly less. The reason I would be making less is because it will likely be a sales position that takes time to develop. 

I’m scared to make the jump right now, but I think it’s a bad idea to just bet on me being allowed to return to my furloughed job.

I guess basically my question is: what happens when I notify DOL that I have started another job and am making a little money. (Less than I get from UI.) I live in Alabama."
Uber's charging me for rides I never took or orders and the charges only appear on my bank account not on the app. Uber has been charging my card for rides I've never taken or ordered all and they've taken more than two hundred at this point and I had to cancel my card I need to contact them but I want to make sure I can get my money back how do I go about this.
"[FL] Been selling Merch By Amazon t-shirts since July 2017 and have not been paid by Amazon Amazon runs Merch By Amazon which is like on demand t-shirt printing.  You upload a design and when it sells Amazon prints it and sends to your customer.

I sell other stuff on Amazon and started doing Merch as just a way to make more money.  It required more time/effort than I wanted to give so I didn't really put that much in and kinda just forgot about it.

I still have designs up and all in all have sold about 30 shirts.

I ended up checking to see if I had ever been paid for them and I have not.

I opened a case and was dragged around for 2-3 weeks before they replied ""you'll be paid in next payment cycle"".  It's been about 10 days and still not paid.

I don't care about the money because it's probably about $50 total but I do care about not getting fucked by Amazon.

Do I have any options here other than to just wait and hope they send me the money?

Thanks"
"Trying to get out of a job (Canada) Need some advice getting out of a job

So my job has really been affecting my mental health and I want to get out of my shitty contract, but if I willingly leave before 10months they want me to pay $1500.

I’m looking for advice on getting them to reduce my hours. I’m going to go see if I can get a doctors note that recommends that I have reduced hours."
"Clocking out of deliveries My brother just got a job deliveries pizza. We were discussing his pay, and he said is required to clock out while delivering the pizza, then clocks back in once he returns from the delivery. 

Something sounds wrong about this, he’s performing his required work duties, shouldn’t he be on the clock and getting paid for his time?? 

I haven’t been able to find anything online about it in my state (Arizona)"
"Dept of Labor NY Has anyone had to file a complaint through the NY Department of Labor? 

I’ve all but finished the paperwork - I’m owed over $1500 in wages from a former employer (that he’s admitted to) but also over $1000 in toll amounts (that he hasn’t admitted to). 

I was just wondering if anyone here had experience with them and could give any pointers to help with my claim. Thanks!"
"NYC and New Jersey Hello there, so I live in Staten Island which is part of nyc but I worked in New Jersey. I assume I can’t apply or unemployment because it wasn’t in the same state and/or that I worked this year so it wasn’t filed in the tax season the previous year. 

But recently a friend told me she worked in Michigan, but lived in nyc, filed and got paid. It may be too late or not and suggest I should file one for that too. And not just the PUI. 
But I already apply and have no work in nyc so I put in a different application. She said I could file in New Jersey but I’m a bit confused on everything as it already is. Can someone, if you know how these works well help me out?"
Laws for just letting my car idle? So I made a Reddit account and joined this subreddit for specifically this reason. I was just dropping off my girlfriend from work she got off at 10:00 PM she got home probably around 10:20. We stopped to get some fast food for some dinner and we parked inside of her condo complex in one of the public parking spaces. We're just sitting there eating, minding our own business when a lady comes out from her back door to come yell at us about idling and my car being loud. My car is pretty loud it's a 2004 Neon SRT-4 with a modified exhaust but we were also parked completely legally. Not revving the engine or driving loudly squealing tires and all. Just sitting there idling. After she's done complaining we shrug it off and eat for another 10-15 minutes before we finish and I take her home which is on the opposite side of where we were parked and she's actually across the street neighbors with my girlfriend. Now I've never had a problem with anyone regarding noise in this complex mainly cause I don't drive like an asshole at 11 at night. So this lady must've just moved in. But while she was getting out I noticed the lady looking through her window and she appeared to be on the phone which inspired me to ask this question. I can only imagine she was calling the cops but I really want to know if what I did was illegal and if I could have been cited for it. I'm familiar with my states exhaust laws (Nevada) I was very meticulous in reading up on them before I installed an aftermarket system and there is close to none. There is a law limiting decibels emitted from an exhaust but it's not heavily enforced whatsoever and even then that's when the engine is at like half RPM or something like that. So was I in the wrong? Or can I tell the lady to bug off next time. Either way she needs to get used to it cause my girlfriend can't drive yet and I'm exclusively her ride basically anywhere. To and from work (Fridays and Saturdays we close at 12 so she's home around 12:45 after cleaning) and to and from school (I'm responsible for picking up multiple people and I pick her up around 6:30) if anyone has any knowledge on this please let me know.
"Car accident without witness This happened in Washington State in February.   


I proceeded straight through an intersection with a green light and had the right of way. It was an intersection allowing left hand turns on green if it was a circle. There was a sign next to the light stating that you yield on green. He entered the intersection, turning left, and we hit each other on the front corner of our cars, making it unclear to everyone who was at fault apparently.   
After the accident he said I ran a red light and he had a ""green arrow"" giving him the right of way. The cops issued no citation to either of us and the cops plus the insurance companies didn't try to gather evidence or video footage to prove who was at fault. They left it as a ""he said she said."" No witnesses stayed to give a statement. His insurance company denied my claim.   


I have now contacted a lawyer but they want to handle the case I had last year where the person admitted that day they were at fault and it's already a ""win"" for me as everything will be covered and taken care of.   
I'm at a loss here. I don't want to get a lawyer at all let alone a lawyer for a case that I'm already going to get a settlement for just to lose a third of what I'd be getting. I need help with this latest case and honestly don't know what I can do to prove he was lying. I stood on the street corner with a sign practically begging for witnesses and the only guy that stopped to tell me he'd witnessed it never called me.   


I need help. I've never had to deal with lawyers and I feel like I'm in a terrible situation where I'm just going to be taken advantage of and exploited. They said they'd think about taking on my second accident after they take care of the first one. What verbage do I need to use here? What language do I need to find a lawyer that's going to take care of the accident I need real help on? What things can I do myself to solve this that I'm not seeing? She said something about a Public Disclosure Something that I could file the get the footage from a gas station that said they wouldn't release the video without a warrant but even with me saying there were cameras at the intersection and the gas station she said it'd be hard to prove and was ""murky"" who was at fault. She instead seemed intent on spending up to $5,000 on a special witness to ""reconstruct"" the accident. I wouldn't post here if I wasn't desperate. This whole thing has made my life hell and I want justice. He severely hurt me, cost me thousands of dollars, and is getting away with it because of one small lie."
"Need a divorce in SC, spouse has left the country, not responding. I dated a Tahitian girl for a few years, and she eventually moved to South Carolina with me and we got married in order to accelerate the green card process.  We had lived together before without problems, but this time around things blew up.  We were married for about six months when she moved out in March 2013 and we decided on a divorce.  Considering no kids, no shared property, nothing to be divided up, I'm attempting a self-litigated (pro se) divorce, for which the forms are already organized in a packet on the SC court website.

From what I had read I know that in SC, in a no-fault divorce, we needed a year of separation without cohabitation to be completed before we could file for divorce.  I'm gearing up to file in March, but she moved back to Tahiti last year and is not responding to my emails and I don't know her address.  How am I supposed to serve her in another hemisphere when I don't know where she is?  

I'm guessing that any other way to serve her is going to be ridiculously complicated and expensive and I'm getting worried.  How would the court handle this situation?
"
"Do robo advisors prevent separate property from transmuting to community property? California: Married. If I have a separate property in stock, sell it, as I understand it remains my separate property. However, if it appreciates by use of my brains or skills, there could be a community interest. As long as I'm not actively appreciating it. I would prefer to stock buy SP500 index fund, but that could be construed as ""my \[marital\] efforts"". Would employing a robo advisor protect against this?"
"My 12-year-old daughter had her phone confiscated at school. The principal then demanded the password and went through the contents. Is this legal? Apparently a kid on the bus told someone that she noticed questionable content on the phone (I actually spoke with the child and her mother. The questionable content turned out to be a pop up on some game they were playing). This morning, my daughter was told to hand over her phone and password. She did, because she didn't know what was going on and didn't want to get in trouble. Later she was called down to the assistant principal's office. He proceeded to tell her he found stuff (he didn't elaborate) in her search history and called her a liar when she told him she didn't know what he was talking about. Throughout all this, no one ever called me. They still haven't, and they still have her phone. She's an honor roll student and has never been in trouble before. She was crying and terrified when she got home. 

Does the school have a right to do this? It's a public school in Michigan."
Uncle stole money from dads business My dad has a business valued at $1M+ and employed my uncle when he got citizenship. My uncle after learning everything launched his own rival company to my dad. My dad would give him jobs and he would secretly steal our customers and take the money from the job and not pay us. Our customers called us and told my dad that’s uncle was billing him to another company and not my dads. My dad got into an argument but is way to soft and didn’t even fire my uncle. He just left. My dad won’t even collect the money my uncle stole or die him because he doesn’t want his sister (my uncles wife) to go into poverty again (my dad grew up poor and built a very successful business from scratch). Is there anything I can do? It’s not right, he stole tens of thousands on top of the salary we paid him. Also he wouldn’t work half the time and called in sick but we still payed him even though we knew he was lying. What can I do as the son of my father. I’m not legally an adult but will be in 2 years. I can probably get my dad to transfer ownership of his company to me since he already wants to retire after we pay off our mortgage.
"My car was towed with no warning or sign. I parked at my friends apartment complex in a guest spot to stay overnight. I have done this multiple times before and it has never been a problem.  

This time they towed my car stating there is no guess parking overnight with out a guest pass. I have parked  multiple times overnight without a guest pass and they have never done this before. They said it’s a new policy but they have no signage in the entire area stating that you can’t park in a guest spot overnight. 

Do I have any legal standing to get my money back for my towed car or do I just have to drop hundreds of dollars to get my car back??"
"Landlady made us move to remodel, wants us to pay for things we haven't damaged, &amp; plans to send more bills past the 21-day window In California, Contra Costa County.

Husband &amp; I lived in a condo for almost 4 years til our landlady sent a move-out notice so she could fully remodel and put her family in the unit.  The only damage left when we moved was one broken mirrored sliding closet door and a 5-inch crack in the shower enclosure. The shower crack was there when we moved in but unfortunately it wasn't documented.  Mind you, the lease specified this shower couldn't be cleaned with anything but liquid soap, as anything else strips the cheap caulking and lining.

We never got a copy of the condition report when we moved in.  We requested a pre-moveout inspection that she conducted, but she didn't give us a physical itemized statement with the required Civil Code 1950.5(f)(2) language.  Instead, she texted an itemized list, including ""dusty patio; dust in drawers; dust in refrigerator"". It's my understanding those things can’t be on the list as they're normal wear and tear and can't be deducted from the deposit.

After moving out, she sent us a physical itemized list with two estimates--one replacing the entire shower enclosure, and the other replacing 3 mirrored sliding closet doors.  Someone from Home Depot signed the sliding door estimate, saying that they do not install single door panels. The itemized list said that the total we owe against our security deposit was ""TBD"" (to be determined).  Is the remaining life of an item supposed to be considered when calculating repair cost? I contacted her multiple times asking when the shower and sliding doors were initially installed, but she wouldn’t respond.

Tomorrow will be 21 days from when we vacated the premises.  Last night, she sent us an email with the 'current total' we owe, saying that we owe the full cost of replacing all 3 sliding closet doors as she's given us opportunity to repair them ourselves but we haven't done so.  She also says she'll send us her receipts within 14 days after she obtains them, and claims that the shower repair must first be approved by the HOA that doesn't meet until later this or next month.

None of this seems legal, especially considering how she violated Civil Code 1950.5(f)(2).  I went through our lease and discovered she didn't complete the ""Condition of Premises"" section where she was supposed to ""check all that apply"", including the claim that tenants agreed to the specified condition.  The only thing checked was an item specifying the shower not be cleaned with anything but liquid soap.

Are we liable for the full replacement cost of items if they were not new when we moved in?  Is she required to calculate the cost with consideration to the remaining life of the item(s)?  Is she allowed to bill us the full cost to replace 3 sliding doors when only 1 was damaged? Can she send us another bill in a month for the shower, which she thinks we're supposed to pay full cost to repair?  Our lease says that all parties involved must mediate first in the event of dispute. If she doesn't send us a valid estimate amount tomorrow, can we demand that she mediate as she's not made a good faith effort to be fair or follow the laws as specified?  I’m at my wits end with this lady."
"Trying to get out of an apartment lease. The landlord has had notice for ~6 months, but the lease is a year. Coming up on move-out day, still no sublessee. This is in Western Illinois.

I'm finishing up my last semester at university, and when I signed for this apartment they said that the lease was for a year but there would be no problem for them to find somebody to relet to. I agreed and signed the 12-month lease, as well as paid the $250 they asked for to put me on the 'relet list', which meant that they would look for another tenant to fill the room.

That was in June. 6 months later and they still haven't found anyone to fill the room. I've been searching on Craigslist as well and haven't found anyone myself, and after talking with the landlord again she doesn't seem willing to cut any sort of deal (offered her the $250 fee mentioned above and the $655 security deposit, no dice).

Pretty sure I'm fucked here. I have absolutely no way of paying the rest of the rent amount now that loan checks have stopped, and my student employment is done with now that I'm no longer a student. Is there anything else I can do to get out of this arrangement? And if not, how can I prevent getting sued?

I feel like the ridiculous amount of time I gave them to find another tenant and the $250 fee should make this easier, but I don't know."
Am writing up a simple sales contract for my small business, how do I properly word that after closing, I will no longer be responsible for anything related to the business? Hello! I am selling a small business in NJ. Just want to add something to completely indemnify me as the seller, does it have to be totally specific? Or if someone here could point me to a template that would be great. Thank you :) 
At one point does it become harassment from your parent and step parent? Long story short, I said ‘no’ to a last minute dinner my father and step mother are having just before he leaves for work on business (the usual stuff), and ever since they never ever stopped pestering me for the past 24 hours (calling and texting me with insults, guilt trips, etc) trying to force me to come, even tracked my phone to find where I was and offered to buy me a Lyft to go to their dinner. Not just my dad but my step mom too. Again, this is not a ‘special dinner’ and they don’t respect me or my time and they think they can do whatever they want and are sickening control freaks. I’m 30 years old for god sake.
Anti-Vax ex wife trying to block vaccination of kids So, my brother has two daughters with his ex wife (we'll call her Cathy) and he has another daughter on the way with his current girlfriend (we'll call her Shirley). My brother and Cathy don't have best relationship post divorce - but they split custody with their two kids and are able to mostly make things work. Cathy refuses to vaccinate their two daughters, age 6 and 3. Shirley is due in a couple months. Shirley has said she doesn't want the two daughters around the new born if they aren't vaccinated. So my brother asked for a mediation with Cathy to talk about it and she refused to sign the mediation papers and instead presented him with 'What Doctors Don't Want You Know About Vaccines' or some such thing. This is all taking place in Arizona by the way. He's not really sure what his options are. He doesn't want to just not see his daughters for like 6 months but he's not sure if there is any precedent or legal recourse that he may have to get a court order that his daughters be vaccinated. Anyone have any thoughts on this? Or has anyone faced a similar situation?
"Franchise owner put family member on hiring blacklist even though they quit on good terms. Now they can not get a job at another location. A family member (Jane for simplicity) used to work as a subcontractor for a franchise location of company X in Virginia until a bit less than a year ago. They quit mainly due to some mild but constant tension with a few coworkers. This company has franchise locations all over the US and recently one of the other contractors (Coworker) that continued employment with the same franchise location decided to purchase a franchise of their own (also in Virginia). Jane had found employment at another company, but was recently furloughed due to the pandemic. Coworker found out and offered Jane a position with their new franchise, but soon found out that the original franchise owner (Owner) put Jane on a hiring blacklist for company X. Owner told Coworker that they could not legally disclose that Jane is on the blacklist, though Coworker told Jane anyways.

I have seen a few articles mentioning that such hiring blacklists are legal and some saying that it is not, especially if it is malicious job obstruction, which may be what this is. No one knows of any reason why Owner would have done this, other than some unknown personal grudge or an attempt to eliminate as much competition as possible. Jane did not leave without appropriate notice and seemed to be on good terms with everyone including Owner. No one has mentioned anything to Owner about knowing that Jane is on this blacklist yet to prevent Coworker from being dragged into any issues with Owner. Is this blacklisting legal in Virginia? Is there any action that Jane could take to get past this and pursue employment with Coworker?"
"My girlfriends employees are playing her about with pay and contract. Is this even legal? My girlfriend starting working for a food chain in UK about a month ago. 

They have yet to sort the contract even though she has asked many times. A few days ago they called her into work, kept her in with no work that she could do, she was then been told to go home 4-5 hours later and been told her hours have been taken off. The manager said that the hours were taken off because she didn't do anything, turns out they were over staffed, that's not her fault and she wasn't told to go home. 

Surely this is not legal, they gave her the hours, she came in and wasn't told to go home?"
"Making plans should I unexpectedly die. Have some questions! Hi All,

My wife and I have several kids, one of which has complex cardiac issues that have required open heart surgeries and will require more in the future. Also, because of his issues he has a shorter than normal life expectancy - sucks to say the least. I’m ashamed to admit it, but we’ve done nothing to ensure that if we both die, that the money goes to the right places, is controlled by the right people and to also ensure that should he be in a compromised state, he will have the right people making medical decisions for him as a minor. 

So my question.. is this done with a will? With a will? Where do I start with something like this? I also want directives on custody, handling of finances and so forth. Is this something that could be done through legal zoom or do I absolutely need an attorney? Trying to save as much as possible while also ensuring that this doesn’t end up in curt should something happen.

Thanks!"
Do I pay rent when my apartment is uninhabitable? Midland, Michigan, USA There’s been some major flooding in Midland, Michigan due to dam failures. My entire apartment complex was evacuated and is currently deemed uninhabitable. Do I owe rent for the days that I cannot enter my apartment? I am not finding details on how emergency situations like this would work.
Breach of contract for illegal accommodation? I signed a year long internship contract that promised accommodation. It ended up being an apartment which was our new home and also the office for the company (we literally worked in our kitchen with our bosses during the week.) But most importantly they told us we couldn't tell anyone because it was illegal for anyone to live there since it was supposed to be a business and not a residence. It's been 6 months and I finally couldn't handle the toxic work environment, lies and lack of private space so I put my 2 weeks in yesterday. Today they told me THEY didn't want to be around MY negative attitude for another 2 weeks so I should just leave after this weekend. Even though before I quit they were about to assign me to tasks for all of January and talked about taking me to Hawaii in May for all my work. Not to even mention all the uncompensated overtime I did and emotional distress I went through these past 6 months, can I sue just based off of the contract promising what was illegal accommodation?
"Texas: Major discrepancy between the pet policy listed on rental home website vs. in our lease. False advertising? Location: Texas, USA

Hoping someone might be able to provide a little bit of help with a conundrum my partner and I are having regarding the pet policy of the leasing office at the townhouse community we recently moved into. I totally appreciate that this is a pretty petty concern compared to a lot of what gets posted on here, but we thought it would be wise to reach out for advice in any case.

We had been looking for a new place for awhile and, in particular, wanted to find one that would allow for extra large dogs. We both love Great Danes and with a rescue specifically for those that have hearing and sight issues due to bad backyard breeding in our area, decided that we wanted our new place to allow for us to adopt one of the many special needs adult dogs in our area a home. We spent a lot of time searching and finally found a place that said specifically on their pet policy page on their home site that ""there is no weight limit for pets."" In speaking to the leasing agent about this (and a Giant Breed dog in particular) he said it wasn't an issue so long as it didn't go against their breed restrictions, and confirmed that the group that owns this property has a 65lb rule, but that it didn't necessarily need to apply at this location.

So here's where my question comes in: we had gotten all ready to foster-to-adopt a particular dog and had been in touch with the rescue. Today I went into the leasing office to discuss the process with our agent at which point he pulled out our signed contract that said ""no dogs over 65lbs"" in the fine print. He acknowledged that he had previously said it was ok to go above this limit, but only to the tune of 80lbs max or 100 at an absolute push if it was inconspicuous. Is there any sort of precedent here for false advertising or failing to give us accurate information when it was made clear that this was  contingent upon our signing a lease at this property? We don't have a papertrail of this communication (hindsight is 20/20 now, I know), and aren't particularly interested in strongly pursuing the matter with a lawyer. Rather, we're just wondering if there's a case to be made where we can demonstrate to the office that our leasing agent/the web advertising of this community acted under false pretences.

Thanks!"
"Family Affair (Georgia) Apologies for the flair if used incorrectly. 

I have family members who are living rent free with my dad at his home (he had a stroke in 2017 and is paralyzed on one side). They're ""taking care of him"". They've pawned/sold thousands of dollars worth of his things and drive his vehicle without a license. They're known drug users and they have several kids there. I don't speak with any of them and rarely talk to my dad.

A few days ago, he was hospitalized and we're not sure if he's going to make it. He has five acres of land, two mobile homes, a vehicle, and several small storage buildings on the property. 

Now, should be die, I would assume it would all go to me (I'm an only child). But, they've claimed several times that he's told them they can have the car, the place, and all sorts of other things. The problem is that I don't have access to his life insurance, will, titles/deeds and such to actually see what's in them. 

How do I go about obtaining this information legally in a way that could not be held against me in court? And is there any way that I could take power of attorney in this situation and have them removed from the home and him put into a proper facility should he come home? Or, just... Idk... what can/should I do in general? He claims that he's of sound mind, but all it takes is having a conversation with him to realize he isn't. 

Thanks for any advice."
"I signed a work contract and was let go because ""it wasn't the right fit"" what am I owed So I started working for this company about a month ago.  It is based in the the U.S. but I am working abroad.  I have felt from the start that the founder didn't like me and really didn't want to hire me based off of the interviews and interactions.  So we had a meeting today and he tells me they are terminating my position because he doesn't feel like it was the right fit.  When I asked for concrete reasons he could not give me any and said he would email them because they were from other people not him.  [Here is a copy of the termination clauses from the contract](http://imgur.com/u3fwD1Q)  So my question is what am I owed since they did not give me 4 wks notice?
thanks in advance"
"Grandmother being evicted [TN] I am a live in caretaker of my grandmother who has some mobility and sleeping issues.

My grandmother’s landlord is threatening eviction due to her Knick-knacks on her porch being a “fire hazard” and me living and taking care of her. Her Knick-knacks are some signs, her chairs, and general porch decor. 

My grandmother for my most part is a very active woman, she mows her lawn and takes impeccable care of her home, pays her rent, and has never once missed a rent payment. 

She pays for two people to live here and two people are still on the old contract, as my grandfather lived here prior before he passed, but my grandmother’s and landlord contract has expired. Now she has just delivered us a college ruled piece of paper that says “Vacate in thirty days”. What should we do, if anything?"
"Validating an Online Form \[New York\]

I have an online form that requires a ""simple"" signature from the user.

What kind of prompt should I have that will show the user that by entering their name they will validate the content of the data they entered?

What should the prompt say to validate the signature?

I will have a text field for the user to enter their name and a prompt."
"Brother gave someone his credit card info, does he have any legal recourse? This story is in the USA, Michigan.

My brother has autism and is maybe of average intelligence, probably somewhat below average.  He struggles in a lot of things and in this story he will seem stupid due to a total lack of social skills and extreme gullibility/lack of ""common sense"" but he has a good heart.

He met a woman who told him she was hungry and needed a ride home.  He gave her cash for groceries then let her use his credit card to get a Lyft home.   Very kind but extremely naive.

When he gets his credit card bill he realizes she has been spending on his credit card (she obviously just has the number and info she took from the lyft ride, not the physical card itself).  He gets scared, he calls her and asks her to stop.  I dont know if he ever texted her or not (I'm going to find that out today).   She tells  him she will stop.  Then the next month, he realizes she is still spending.  He gets scared, and tries ordering a new card, thinking this will ""stop"" his first card.  It obviously doesn't, and she continues to rack up charges in spite of his protests.  Then and only then, he comes in tears to my mother (he was afraid she would be angry at him so he hid it ) and tells her what's going on so she was able to walk him through cancelling his card.

Altogether, she spent over $6000 on his card, spending hundreds of dollars every day.  It's a lot of money for anyone, certainly for a disabled man who is already struggling with just feeding himself and getting his medicines.

&amp;#x200B;

In a just world, this seems like obvious and cruel theft.  But because he did share his credit card info willingly and permitted her to buy a lyft for herself, I know that the law is more complicated than that.  I know a credit card agreement  states that if you ever let someone use your card they are a ""authorized card holder"" until you both notify the bank otherwise, not sure if that includes a credit card number.  

Does he have any recourse with the police?  Small claims?   Is it civil or criminal or just the ugliness of life?"
"[Chicago, IL] I am about to become apart of my family's bar in Chicago. Need to know if I should get my record expunged. I need to get on the liquor license, only problem is that I was charged, but not convicted, of a felony back when I was a stupid teenager. Should I get my record expunged? And if so would it be best to seek legal council or should I try to go about it myself? Thank you in advance!

Edit: Flair"
"Employer is paying half minimum wage and refusing to pay for a meeting/training My girlfriend got a job at a place recently, went to a 3 hour meeting/training and then worked a 4 hour trial shift. Word then got around that she wasn’t hired and that she wasn’t going to be hired either. She then just quit and picked up her paycheck.  
  
Her “employer” then said that they were paying half minimum wage and not paying for the meeting because it wasn’t actually mandatory (even though it was mentioned so). The meeting still involved them getting trained and cleaning the place though.  
  
When my girlfriend challenged her employer, they told her it wasn’t actually against the law to pay below minimum wage and that since she didn’t go to the 3 day training yet, she could have just been paid nothing. Basically a kind of “I’m being nice to you so stop complaining” threat.  
  
I’ve looked online and saw that you have to pay for training interviews anyway so even if she wasn’t hired she would still have to be paid. We also looked at the Washington State and US labor laws and saw that no employer can pay below 85% minimum and only so with a learner’s certificate. Even then, half minimum is still below 85%.  
  
I’m not sure where the law stands about the meeting though.
  
She has now quit because the manager is all types of awful, but is there anything that can be done to salvage the situation and make sure her employer won’t rip off any more employees?  
  
Or is there some fine print that she is taking advantage of?  

Edit: The employee is doing this to all their employees. It’s not just my girlfriend. They have their own group chat without the managers and they’re all upset."
"My friend is going through a struggle with his parents recently separating and since I can't see him I want to help him with legal advice We live in Michigan (USA) I'm not sure if the ""USA"" Part matters

*We are both sophomores in high school*


I would usually help my friends by giving them a hug or talking them through it but I can't. 

His parents very recently got separated and are fighting for his custody, and he says he needs to get school work done or else he will get taken away from his dad but can't find the ambition to get it done. 

He doesn't want to live with his mom and *needs* to live with his dad. 

But the thing is, I've talked to many teachers and they all say you don't need to do the work to get credit as long as you were passing in the 3rd marking period because of quarantine. 

So what I'm wondering:

How can doing schoolwork help/hurt him even though he doesn't technically need to do it? 

Can he say something in court about not being able to mentally find the ambition to do work?

If so will that help/hurt him? 

And anything else you lovely Reddit strangers can help my friend with would be GREATLY appreciated 🙏"
"is this easy to do? (threats and stalking) Can the police trace a fake instagram account that is deleted?

- Can anyone explain how? i wanna know how they do it cause im very curious. (Norway)."
"[Georgia USA] If a DCFS investigation is opened against you, how soon must they notify? The TL;DR is what is the Georgia DCFS's requirement to notify there's an open investigation against you?  Do they only make contact in-person or would they call / write if there was a case?

Long story / details I'll try to make as easy to follow as possible while not leaving anything out:

* Girlfriend (we'll call H) has child.  Has roommate (we'll call K) - they don't get along super well, but no big fighting, everything fairly amicable.
* One night, H and I go out to dinner, K agrees to babysit
* K calls baby-daddy's sister (we'll call J) saying that we just left and he's crying.  K has not called H to say he's crying and needs here (we would have come back immediately).
* K claims that H is always drunk, on drugs, etc etc (none of which is true - drug test could be passed with ease).  Tells J and many others this.
* K moves out but continues making false claims, etc.

Days later...

*  J is a teacher.  She claims that the department of education called her and she's in trouble because K opened a DCFS report and being that she was involved and is a mandatory reporter that didn't report, she's in trouble.
* J gets a lawyer - lawyer recommends signing temporary custody to her or to baby daddy (but is even hesitant to do the latter) in order to avoid DCFS not taking kid away (although they would have no reason to even if there's an investigation)

Here's what we find fishy:

* DCFS has not contacted H this entire time (original incident was day after Christmas)
* Dept of ed SUPPOSEDLY called J on New Year's Eve (DOE website indicates they are closed then).
* As a mandated reporter, according to OCGA 19-7-5, J would only have 24 hours to report before being in trouble anyways. (But IANAL so idk if I'm reading that correctly)
* Baby daddy has also not heard anything from DCFS yet.
* All the things that J says H is doing wrong are false accusations she heard from K - never did she witness or suspect any of these things until this point, nor is there any proof or evidence that they're true.  A disgruntled ex-roommate spreading rumors is the gist.

Is there a good way to find out if there's an investigation open?"
Do I have to identify myself? In the state of New York, if I am asked to identify myself by a police officer, do I need to do so? What must I include? Does refusing to do so put me at risk for additional actions against my person by the officer?
"[CA] Changing lease terms as new landlord on existing tenants - making shared yard private. Considering buying a triplex with existing tenants who currently share the communal backyard. I’d be moving into the vacant unit and would like to remove access to the yard from their lease. I have a dog, so I’d prefer to have sole use of the yard so I’m not worrying about liability issues with the dog or if one of the tenants remembered to close the side gate. They both currently have a month to month lease, and the yard space is well maintained - so I imagine they regularly use and enjoy the outdoor space. Besides  the issue of upsetting the existing tenants, can a landlord legally remove a shared space from a tenant? I expect that their rent would need to be lowered to reflect the change.  

Thanks!"
Girlfriend had license suspended now for a ticket received 3 years ago mailed to an address that was burnt down. Like the title says her license was suspended for a failure to show. This ticket was mailed to a town in the Camp fire and she never received it. We are in CA is there anyway to get her license reinstated early?
"A dad threatening his family lawyers say nothing can be done. So I know this family that has a dad that threatens his family. So far he has hit them but there isn't any proof still but they talked to a lawyer to get a divorce and he said to keep notes of what he says and a recording. they get the recording and notes and shows it to him and he says nothing they can do sense he's the dad. The only way to get the divorce finalized is for him to sign it or to hit one of them bad enough for the hospital. 

He is the kind of guy that wouldn't sign the papers and we cant just wait for him to hit them that badly. There's gotta be something else that can be done right? This has been going on for years. Thanks

We live in the United States and state is Alabama. "
I was promised hazard pay for traveling around country for work. It’s been two months. Ive been traveling around the country for essential work. My company has promised me extra couple hundred a day of travel as hazard pay. It’s been two months and we still haven’t received it. Received an email two weeks ago, after I inquired, saying they are working on it with the parent company. I’m getting nervous that I’m going to get fucked. What’s my stand point here? Do things like these take awhile before materializing? From what I understand the whole hazard pay from the company is an unprecedented move.
Anyone have legal advice me I live in Montreal. I started a business with a friend in October. We had a great idea and needed investors to see the idea to fruition. In November my partner found the investors we needed and they were on board by the end of November. I was asked to leave my job to work on the idea full time. As part of my contribution, I was to get a weekly salary and a smaller equity share in the business. I worked on it for the past 3 months but have yet to see any money, although I asked numerous times, my partner did not get anything in writing. To my knowledge, the investors have not even put any money into the business as of yet. I told the investors on Sunday I will no longer work on this idea until I am paid what I am owed. Since then I have not really heard anything from them or my partner, they are apparently having a meeting today but they won't tell me what time the meeting is at. Anyone know what I should do? I am kind of stuck here because I am almost in default of my mortgage at this point, not to mention I have not been paying my bills because my salary never came in. I can prove I was part of the idea with emails to a lawyer describing the idea when we went to get a patent (we didn't end up applying for the patent), I also have texts to the investor telling him he owes me money and I will no longer work on this thing till I am paid, as well as texts with my partner discussing the idea. At this point I figure everyone is going on without me but I feel I should still get equity in this since part of the conception of this idea was mine. Anyone have any idea as to whether or not I have a legal recourse? Is there such thing as intellectual property in the eyes of the courts? Can they move on without me if there is nothing in writing but I can prove I was involved? If you have advice but need further info, don't hesitate to ask.
"I believe my former landlord is overcharging me for damages is there anything I can do? North Dakota

At the end of November(11/30) I moved out of my former apartment. I did a walk-through with my landlord and at the time she had indicated that the the walls may need to be repainted, general cleaning, and depending on if the black light pickss anything up(I have a cat) that I will need to pay for them to replace the carpet. 

Just today (1/2)I received the list of things that they would like me to pay for(included several things not mentioned on the walk-through), and it ended up being about one month's rent in total (after the security deposit). I compared these charges to the itemized list they gave me.  and everything on their cost about double what the estimated price was on their list. Am I within my legal rights to ask for a receipt for the services that they said that they performed. 

Also I did some research on North Dakota law and according to what I found it said that landlords have 30 days to return the security deposit to the Tennant. I was wondering with that being the case since it took them over 30 days to get me the bill am I required to pay it? 

I also apologize for any ignorance on my side. This is my first time renting apartment, and have no knowledge of renter's laws."
Wife won money now she wants a divorce My wife won a good chunk of money in a competition and immediately wants a divorce.  Am I entitled to any of that money since we are married? We live in Canada.
"No Good Deed Goes Unpunished... Did a favor and I (F57) sold my 10 yr old  pickup to a ""friend "" (M35) without a title transfer for 1/2 of its worth. He had a lawn mowing business. I did not know to remove lic plates. His  acquaintance took it from him. Stole it to be more exact. But they are both into hard core drugs - meth, heroin and alcoholics. I had no idea that all this was occurring.  Got an email from an insurance company saying the vehicle was in a rear end collision.  Lawn guy admits to buying the truck and the 2nd guy stealing it.  But i have no paperwork to show it being sold. It was a cash transaction. 
Asked him to call police and file a report but his Mommy told me via text that they would have their attorney handle it.  The trucks still in my name. I kept it on my insurance only 30 days after i sold it. I dont know if it was on his insurance but im guessing not.
Do i call police? Do i need an attorney? Any helpful advice would be appreciated.  Btw I'm in Texas."
Evicting someone in Florida I need some legal advice. I’m located in Florida and my mother, step-dad, and little sister are living in my upstairs paying rent. I’m trying to figure out my best course of action to get her out of my house legally. She has been causing lots of issues these past few months and I felt threatened before called the sheriff. I’ve posted here before, but am only just now about to start taking action against this due to covid issues. I had it in writing that she would move out then the next day she moved in while I was at work. I have been dealing with everything. She has been paying me every month the agreed amount, but I plan on listing the house for sale soon. The house is a two story and I live on the bottom. If she continues to live in the house and makes it impossible to sell what can I do?
"Rear ended, should I have hired my attorney? On 12/18 early morning I was rear ended on the highway in traffic, the hit pushed my car so hard my phone flew out of the cup holder spot and I hit a car in front. The third car was not damaged and drove off. I filed a police report and asked everyone I knew for their opinions. Everyone told me to hire law assistance and one person whose significant other works as an insurance claims adjuster, advised to just take the insurance money and live with it. Fast forward to Dec 19, and I'm feeling back discomfort, I don't say pain because to me pain is when I say ouch! They have me doing these physical therapies now. I'm regretting hiring an attorney because I fear I'll end up paying more and not getting anything back, I just honestly wanted compensation for my car and medical bills because I'm worried about my back, also I was very inexperienced dealing with the situation. I ask for advice from you guys whether I did wrong or okay and how to better handle the situation next time!
Here are non identifying pictures of my car.
http://imgur.com/a/hdvxQg1"
"Parking tickets on a car I sold. Backstory. 

I sold a 1996 Corvette in the May-June timeframe. 
Bill of Sale was signed and everybody went on their merry way. The car gets taken 5 hours from me to where it now lives. (Atlanta, GA-&gt; Savannah, GA)

Mistake A- I didn’t take the plate off of the car 
Mistake B- I didn’t cancel the registration at that point. It lapses July 2nd so I didn’t think anything of it. 

Today:
This morning I get a call from the city where the buyer lives. He has 5 unpaid parking tickets totaling $290 for various offenses. They are threatening to take me to court over the situation since technically I still own the car. I called the tax commissioners office and they verified that my name was still on the title. 

Here’s the dilemma:
I’m in Michigan for the holidays and can’t check my documents area for the BoS that the city will accept to release me from responsibility. 

What can I do to get this off of my plate?
What legal fallout can I suffer here?

I attempted to reach out to the guy who bought the car via FaceBook as well as calling his place of employment with no luck."
"Nosy landlord always wants to come inside my apartment and likes to complain about the “mess” we have, can I get kicked out? I’ve been living in an apartment in South Texas for the past 2 years, and I have a nosy landlord.  I moved in with an engineering buddy and when the landlord first came to the apartment she stepped inside with an AC filter and the contract papers.  

At first I thought it was ok since we were signing the contract, but as the months progressed she would always bring the AC filter and insist in coming in with her husband.  I was a bit weirded out since in all my other apartments we would just deposit the money in a safe box and had minimal contact with the owner unless something broke in the apartment.  Apparently my landlord does this with the other three tenants in the complex as well. 

Fast forward two years and she’s still bringing the freaking AC filter with her husband, but the remarks have gotten worse.  She’ll criticize the apartment stating that it’s too dirty (like the dust on the fans and some spider webs),that we don’t take care of her apartment and that we’ve probably damaged the walls in our rooms.  

Tomorrow she’s coming with a new contract and she wants to inspect our rooms before signing.  Is this legal, can she keep coming inside our apartment when she’s clearly overstepping her boundary and our personal space?  Can she also kick us out for being too dirty?"
"Am I legally bound by my online order I live in Belgium and I was looking to buy some silver online.  I found a Dutch site and I started making an ordet to see how the ordrr process worked.  I had more in my cart than I actually wanted to purchase, but I was planning on modifying that once I had a better feel for the order process.

There were 2 payment options, bank transfer or an iDeal card that I didn't have.  I chose for the bank transfer. At one point there was a checkbox to say that you accept the conditions and I rapidly read it and selected the option.  I was expecting to go to another screen, but when I clicked next the order was done.

I am in a total pamic now because I was not planning to order and the conditions were very strict.  No retraction or cancelation by buyer.  Buyer is responsible for all legal fees.  In case of any issues legal fees of at least 150 euros would be charged.

I feel helpless and trapped and am really worried that I may have made a big mistake.

I find it hard to believe that I could be held responsible for purchasing the order just because I slected a checkbox as I haven't signed anything

They expect payment within 3 work days according to their general conditions. . 

This is probably more a question for a European or Dutch law specialist, but I am hoping that someone who knows about these things is reading this and can help me.  I could send the link for the conditions via a PM.  I don't want to post it here as it could be seen as bad publicity for them. 

I am planning on calling them Monday morning but in the meantime I em living a nightmare and worst case scenarios are playing in my head."
Abusive divorce path? My mother is getting a divorce and she wants to claim abuse in her case. She has medical proof alongside a police who witnessed it. Our lawyer suggests tacking extreme cruelty on will have a possibility of getting no return on it. I'm in NJ and I feel like we have proof for it. I think my questions is basically that if it's worth pursuing abusive charges for the divorce?
"Stolen artwork for digital marketing campaign I am located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin (USA)

I designed a [poster](https://www.instagram.com/p/B9m-QBGFKkf/?igshid=2fqj1d6nkyqf) in March for fun and posted it on my Instagram. This morning I found [this](https://www.instagram.com/p/CAXz3wXHeqp/?igshid=70z5lofquvet) on the official flex seal Instagram. I sent a DM to their Instagram, as well as the CEO's personal Instagram, and tagged them in my original post. How should I move forward? My current plan is to send them an email within a few days, and if they don't respond to any of my messages, I move forward with some form of litigation."
"Attempting to get my possible father to take a paternity test Hello all. My name is T (23M) and I have finally got the information from my mother, B, about my birth father, S, who is a different man than who is on my birth certificate. The man on my birth certificate has already taken a paternity test to get out of child support payments for me when I was much younger. The main issue I'm running into is being in a very odd situation. B is currently living in Texas (resident), S is living in Colorado (resident), and I am stationed in California (Texas resident). How can I go about getting a court order for a paternity test with all party members out of state? Apparently the state of Washington was looking for him back in the mid 90's but I don't know if that is anything that can be followed up on as I don't know what it was for, and neither does B. Any follow up questions will be answered as soon as I can and any advice you have to offer would be greatly appreciated. Thank you in advance.

Edit 1: I don't want any money from S. Like at all. I simply want some closure and confirmed medical history for myself and unborn child."
"My landlord moved someone in while I was away! I'm in New Jersey. I and my daughter were away to visit my mother the last week of August, I had told my landlord we were leaving on a short vacation as is stipulated on my lease. I live in a two bedroom apartment, where the second room was for my daughter. Well, when I got back, I found out my landlord moved his brother into my kid's bedroom, and all my things in there were either thrown out or basically given to his brother to sell. My daughter now has to sleep with me.

I contested this, showing him that my lease was only for two occupants: me and my kid. He told me to ""go **** myself"" and if I couldn't handle living with a roommate to move out though I would have to buy out my lease, I had just renewed it in June so I would owe nine months of rent to him which I can't afford. 

My new ""roommate"" is a deadbeat asshole. He hogs the bathroom, drops stuff on the floor and won't pick them up, hangs his clothes all over, brings home strange women to have loud sex with, does drugs right in front of my daughter...and this is all in the span of less than two weeks. I don't think we can live here for another nine months...but like I said, I can't afford it! Can I legally throw him out? Can I take my landlord to court, and sue him? 

On another note, when moving his brother in, my landlord also apparently sold our pet cat and flushed my daughter's fish down the toilet, so he and his brother claim. Can I also sue them for this, though I have no evidence of this other than their word and the fact the pets are gone."
Montana- We signed a 12 month rental agreement and paid deposit to a property management company who did not tell us the house was for sale. Our lease begins in a few days. We are moving long distance. Last night my husband and I received a phone call from a woman who stated she will shortly(within weeks) be the new owner of the duplex, plans to fire the property management company, and become our landlord. She stated that she had no idea there were tenants already and she was upset because the property management company would not release any of our information to her, such as our applications, background check, and references. She would rather have tenants that she vetted herself. She gave us her realtor's information. I asked what's happening to our deposit; she doesn't know. What questions should I be asking? What recourse do we have? What recourse do the new owners have? The current property management told us this morning that we have a 12 month lease no matter what. We just want a place to live and to be on decent terms with the landlord. Advice appreciated.
"Trademark infringement case? Is this legit? WI Hello everyone,
This seems the best place to ask this, so please bear with me, and thanks for any help you can provide!

Back in 2003, I had started up a small business in WI geared towards retail electronics sales online.  I registered with the state department of financial  institutions as an LLC under the title ""High Tech Home Sales LLC"".   I registered indicating retail sales and manufacturing at the time.  Unfortunately at the time, I didn't put forth the effort that was required to really launch the business as needed (and partly underestimated the work involved), so I haven't really done anything with the LLC or my domain, though I have kept the LLC and domain active.

Today, I got a letter in the mail from a real estate broker stating that they registered a trademark for ""&lt;similar to my LLC registration&gt;"" and states that the lawyer who registered the trademark for them indicated that they must challenge my use of ""High Tech Home Sales LLC"" so as to defend their registered trademark.   A quick bit of digging it looks like they registered the trademark on Oct 4, 2012.  The letter goes on to state that they would offer me to license their trademark at $500.00 for the entire state of WI or $250 for the city my LLC is registered in.  He closes the letter with ""Please let me know what you think one way or another.  I'd rather find a way to benefit us both than expend legal fees and time in a silly fight.""

This communication was sent on the real estate broker's letterhead and from their offices, not from a lawyer.

Should I give this any merit? Do they even have a leg to stand on since my LLC registration predates their trademark registration by 9 years?  Do I respond or let it go and wait to see if a lawyer contacts me? At this point, I get the feeling they're perhaps just trying to scare me into paying them is all.  I feel like if they're legitimate about this that they should send me an official request from their lawyer before I even do anything. 

Just looking for comments, information and feedback!  Thanks!

Edit:  To add, the real estate broker business is not from the state of WI, but rather in VA.  I figured I should add this as it likely is relevant information.

"
Vehicle was stolen 2 months ago, insurance is suppose to pay me any day now, but they just called saying the title is not in my name and they can’t release the funds to me. In 2016 I purchased this car from my ex girlfriends grandpa. Her grandma co-signed for me. I’ve made every payment on it since then. Geico called just now saying the title is still in the grandpas name and they can’t give me any money. I’m lost and panicking... what’s the best way to handle this situation??
Broken A/C hi all, i live in an apartment complex moved in just a few months ago the first wave of heat came and we realized our a/c unit is broken, i called about a week and a half ago to put in a work order for it they hadnt come out yet so i called yesterday again. they told me they cant do it in the rain which makes sense ans it has been raining frequently. they told me they might be out Tuesday or Wednesday of this week. It is almost 90 degrees in my apartment and my cats are starting to overheat because of this, is there anything i can do to get them out sooner? there was no rain yesterday and shouldn't be any today so i dont see why they aren't coming till maybe tomorrow if not the next day
Is there a way for a lease be broken by a single person in a group lease? Is there a way to break/end a lease by one person under a group lease? My roommates have broken into my room and my landlord claims nothing can be done and suggests I find a sublease.
"Can our landlord/apartment company refuse to offer us a rent discount/incentive that they offer to other people who are renewing their lease simply because we were being mean to them? Or are they allowed to since they’re not discriminating?

We might have been kinda rude to them during the process but not for any reason of our own; it’s just that this apartment company tends to be particularly shady, etc."
how can I find out trust on a will?  am trying to find out how to get a copy of a trust agreement on my fathers will, i'm listed as personal representive on the will,i cannot afford to retain a lawyer. Alachua county,fl.
"Does it count as an online threat if you say “bro we need to find this kids adress. You done fucked up” On some racist youtubers video

I never said I was gone do anything I just said “we need to find this kids adress, you done fucked up” cause he did something pretty disgusting"
False case filed by the tenant. (India) We had leased our house to a tenant for the last 1 year and 3 months. We had a rent agreement in place that included a 1 month notice period that expired 3 months back. We had asked him to vacate on bond end and so, did not renew the agreement. However, despite asking repeatedly in December and January , he refused not only to move out but also not pay the rent. We asked the local police department to help in the issue and they obtained in writing that he will pay the due rent by 5 March and will also move out by 10 March. However to our surprise today, we received a court summon asking us to be present at court on 16th  of this month. In the documents attached, there are fake receipts with forged signature where in he claims to have paid all due rent on time and that we repeated tortured him to the point of him considering suicide, We never gave out receipts and he always deposited the rent (Rs 6000) in our bank account. Please suggest a course of action.
Recommendations for a NY family lawyer? I want a consultation on Grandparent Rights and how to prevent my late partners family from this BS
"Can I get a quick explaination as to what this part of my lease means in ""plain English?"" Location: Texas, United States.

""WEAPONS ARE NOT PERMITTED ANYWHERE IN THE COMMUNITY, INCLUDING YOUR UNIT; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT ANY LAWFUL RIGHTS TO CARRY A WEAPON(S) AS PROVIDED BY LOCAL OR STATE LAW. Owner does not guarantee a firearms-free environment.""

Why do they say weapons not permitted, but then say ""nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit any lawful rights to carry a weapon(s) as provided by local or state law?"" Also, they say ""carry"" and not ""possess,"" could this change anything?

This makes it sound like they're saying ""we're telling you not to keep a gun in your unit, but we can't violate your 2nd amendment rights."" 

If it helps, HB 302 went into effect saying that a landlord can't prohibit you from owning a firearm in your apartment. Could they have included the sentence I just quoted because of HB 302? 

Additionally, it says I'll be in default for keeping a gun, but, again, this clearly violates HB 302. So is it legal to own one, or not?"
"Is it lawful to keep me employed when I am not capable/without pay? Hi, this is a throwaway account. I need some advice. 
I'm from a country in Asia. I was given a scholarship by my own country to study medicine in the UK. I've manged to go through medical school and gotten my degree. However, I failed to finish my foundation/internship programme, twice, once in the UK and once back in my country. The reason behind it is mainly because of relapse of my depression and anxiety with post trauma.

After I did my internship for the second time (in my home country) but relapsed, I decided that enough was enough. Being a doctor will end me. I had to take medical leave for 5 months and during that time my psychiatrist and the occupational health doctor had send their reports to the programme leader + HR (from the Ministry of Health) that I am no longer fit to practice and suggested to transfer me to do non-clinical work like being an educator or researcher or even woring in administration. 
I've sent a letter to withdraw from the programme immediately after my medical leave ended.

The main issue right now is that, it has nearly been 8 months since my leave ended and they have no idea what to do with me. According to HR and the higher ups, I am still employed under them because of the 10 year bond I have with the government (scholarship). But I am basically just wasting away. My pay had stopped immediately after my leave ended and I'm not allowed to find any work because I'm still ""employed"" by the government. As of right now, my source of income is just my small catering business that hardly makes any money (less than $200 per month).

We had a ""meeting"" a few weeks ago, and the best temporary solution they can give is ""re-training"" me by having me do work attachment at the public health sector. 

Is it lawful to keep someone employed but not give them any work/pay?

Extra info:
1) I am not allowed to work with private companies because I am still a goverment employee.

2) My bond (from the scholarship) only says I have to be of service to the goverment for 10 years but did not sepcify that I have to be a doctor

3) They are considering a transfer to public health... But they said i have to compete with others as well. And this will take months/years.
 
4) The administrive office at the hospital I worked misplaced my original medical leave certificate. All. Five. Of. Them. And because of this, they accidently paid me a month's worth. Any advice on this?

Sorry for any errors."
Construction during Covid time I live in a 2 bedroom in Chicago, and the apartment below ours has been under construction for the last 4 weeks. We've managed to deal with all the noise, which has been pretty torturous while we are under a stay at home order. Today we were informed that they will need access to our apartment and will be ripping apart and replacing a wall in our kitchen. I'm not comfortable with having people in our home during this covid time, both my housemate and I are considered at risk, and my mother has cancer and is severely at risk so I'm limiting my contact with people so I can visit her (I don't know how ling she has left). Do we have any grounds to fight this? When they came to look at the kitchen today they didn't wear masks until requested, which doesn't make me trust that they'll be careful in the future.
"Trust Question Is there a ""under the radar"" way to find out more specific details about a trust fund that is set up for me without making anyone aware I am curious about learning more or upsetting anyone? I know who the administrating organization is but not much more."
"[IA] Relative being faces with Eviction So my relative is being faces with eviction, today they received a 3-day notice of termination and notice of quit clear and present danger. On that form the landlords marker other and wrote "" many months behind on rent this has been an issue."" This is also the first and only written form they've gotten everything else has been verbal. My relative had also asked for a notorized paper saying how much he owed so he could send it to his 401k and do a hardship withdrawal and the landlords refused

Now they are being told by the sheriff's on Monday they will be handed more papers and late Monday night the landlords will be able to take possession of the house and all of their stuff and change the locks. They have not been to court or been served papers to go to court for this.

It is my understanding that they are supposed to be served a Notice to Quit, and d chance to fix the issue, if they don't fix the issue, they will be given a 3 day notice of court hearing. If they go to court they can argue their side. Then the judge will rule either way, and if they are evicted the sheriff will watch over the eviction. Also that it's highly illegal for them to change the locks with out a court order. 

Just trying to figure out how to help them so they aren't out on their asses with a 5 year old in the middle of January."
"Missing child support money from my parents. I’m a 22 year old college student, currently living in Cleveland but my family is in Rochester NY. My parents split up in 2012 and officially divorced in 2014, and my father supposedly pays child support money to my mother.  I’ve since legally resided with my mother, and in high school I visited my father a couple days a week. All throughout high school my mother constantly complained about my father not paying her the child support money like he was supposed to, which I honestly didn’t give much though to because my life was adequate and I didn’t have to pay for anything. 
At some point in 2016-2017 my mother took my father to court and he was ordered to pay her back all of the child support money he owed. My parents are very secretive so unfortunately this is all the information I have. All I know is that since then, both of my parents complain about being broke instead of just one of them. Whenever college tuition payments were due during my first two years, they became a huge ordeal. I distinctly remember there being several late fees on my tuition bill for the first two semesters. My actual tuition bill has never been much over $1k per semester because of my scholarships and financial aid. From my second year onwards it has always been $600 or less. I’m still perplexed by fact that both my parents told me they couldn’t afford to help, and made me pay for most if not all of it (or loaned me the money and made me pay them back). My father makes close to a six-digit paycheck and should be paying my mom a hefty amount of child support monthly, which ideally should have been set aside for my college bills while I wasn’t living at home and had zero expenses otherwise. 
Since 2018 I’ve effectively been living on my own. Every time I visit home my father brings up the same topic: “You really should talk to your mom and ask her to give you the money I’ve been paying her. Half of it is for your brother and the rest should be for you.” I attempted having this discussion with my mother (who has remarried and been unemployed for at least three years) a while back and it ended with me almost getting kicked out of her home. Since last year she has been paying for my car insurance which I am extremely grateful for (even though she frequently threatens to stop). Both of my parents pitched in with expenses for my car when it broke down last year, which I am extremely grateful for. Other than that I’ve seen basically none of this money that I’m told is supposed to be set aside for my expenses.
My issue is that every time I visit home and ask for financial help (which my parents criticize me for not doing more often) it’s always the same response. From my father it’s “I already give your mom so much money, I don’t have anything to give you.” From my mother it’s “if your father ever paid me as much child support money as he’s supposed to, I would be able to help you, but I can’t.” Clearly someone is lying here. My father is horrible with his money, so there is a chance he simply isn’t paying what he says he is. However, there’s also the chance that he really is paying what he’s supposed to, and my mom is just pocketing the money/using it to pay for her scrapbooking supplies and essential oils. 
No matter what the case may be, I don’t trust either of my parents, and I’m upset because I could be living somewhat comfortably while I’m in school. Instead I’m out thousands of dollars and scrambling to pay rent every month. Is there any way for me to legally make my father just give me the child support money, instead of it having to go through my mom? Or is it perfectly legal for my mom to keep whatever money my dad gives her and spend it however she pleases? I’ve been over the parental neglect for a long time, but I want to know if I’m entitled to this money or not. Thanks in advance and please ask any questions you have."
"My Ex boyfriend Keeps creating fake online profiles of me on Grindr what should I do? He's been creating fake online profiles for months, we broke up 3 years ago.. He's been sending people to my house, giving out my number, and full name and sending my nude photos to guys near my neighbor trying to ruin my reputation. Also he's been posting misleading information such as ""I have HIV, And I'm into crazy sex acts. I filed a police report and nothing seemed to have come of it because I need more poof it was him. The only proof I have is is using photos I only sent to him, he's using my full first and last name, and he's sending people to an address and giving out my number, only he would know all those things. It's been so frustrating what should I do?"
"Roommate acting as a landlord, and personally profiting. I live in Washington State, for context. I am currently renting a room in a house that is in foreclosure (as far as I know). The rent paid to the landlord is $800 a month. There are 4 roommates, 2 of us pay $400 a month, and the other pays $500 a month to the fourth roommate, who covers the utilities and then pockets the rest. He lives for free.

Is this legal? Is there anything I can do about this arrangement? Is there anything I should do about this arrangement? I am already planning on moving out, and will do so as soon as I find a new place, so I'm mostly asking for the benefit of the other roommates. I can afford to move out, they really can't."
"[WI] Landlord Wants To Charge Us For Changes He Approved This evening, 2/4, I received an email regarding a tenancy at a house that ended on 1/31. I was signed with two other people on the lease. On that date, the landlord and I had what I said was a ""final walk through"". This was to ask if anything else needed to be done before he considered the lease, and move out provisions, completed. He had me sweep a bedroom, and wipe the fridge. My roommate was to take out the bins on the next garbage day, which he did. I happily did those things, and assumed we were good to go as he left and did not come back for over an hour. Here is the text of that email I was sent:

&gt;I have a couple of issues regarding the refund of the security deposit. I would like your thoughts on this.
 
&gt;1. City violation for snow removal / grass that remains unpaid. I can deduct this from the deposit.
 
&gt;2. When you guys moved in you requested approval to add gravel to the backyard for additional parking and I agreed to this as you told me that it would be removed at your move-out. The gravel and additional tire ruts remain in the yard. The issue is it's rather difficult to repair in the middle of winter so I'm not entirely certain what this will cost in the spring when repairs can be made. Given the fact that gravel will need to be removed and topsoil brought in to repair a large area I suspect it will not be cheap. How would you like to handle this?

I am open for us to pay the city violations, as I know that was our responsibility. We did not agree to repair or replace any part of the lawn, we asked to put gravel down as there was not enough parking for three cars, and it would extend the gravel drive that was already there. What is the implication of him only sending this message to me, and obviously I do not want to agree to anything that was not in writing, nor explained to us when we agreed on it.

Edit: He also had said that we could garden, landscape, etc freely. I don't know if this could fall under that agreement also.

If there are any questions, I will be watching this closely, and will respond ASAP."
"I Think My Mom Financially Used Me To Do Repairs At first glance I know that sounds really bad and that I am ungrateful.  Let me fill you in.   
I have been renting from her for the last 18 years, I am a single mom on disability.  Several years ago, my Social Security was reworked and I was pleasantly surprised to find I had a $10,000 payout.  My first idea was to treat my daughter to a trip to New York/Broadway since I would NEVER be able to do anything like that. But she talked me out of it. Was, for a change, really nice to me.

That's another thing. Our relationship is tenuous at best. Imagine growing up hearing ""you can't"" about just about anything your life, the cold silence of when you do the slightest thing that displeases her, etc.  So when I get this money, she's talking about how it would make better sense to fix up my house (note: it's her trailer I'm renting. Two bedroom for $275 a month.)  So, wanting something nicer, I start painting the kitchen, living room, and my bedroom. I tear up the carpet in my bedroom and the living room and I PAY for new vinyl flooring throughout, except my daughter's room. She wanted to keep her carpet. I replaced the big tub, had the flooring fix because of a leak, and got a new toilet. I did get a new TV, had a local man make me a desk and TV stand and bed frame.  And paid for her to get a sewing desk made by the same guy that she never uses. That was several years ago.  Recently I've taken out a loan and paid off a new Air Conditioner. $4k. 

The problem is, my mother has always been super controlling and I'm only recently getting better at standing up and setting boundaries. But when I get fed up and talk about taking the stuff I pay for out, but cutting up the floor since I paid for it, she's very fast at reminding me that ""This is my place!"" Funny because to give the illusion of independence, she calls it mine, though it's not in my name nor my daughter's.  She comes in whenever she wishes. And if it's her place, shouldn't she have paid for all these repairs and not me?! I should have done what I wanted with the money. Looking back I think, damn that would have been a nice down payment on a house and I could be away from her.  I don't know if there's anything I can do. She's not working anymore and doesn't have money. But  I just wanted to see if I had been taken advantage of."
"Domino's shorted my paycheck substantially New Jersey

I worked for Domino's for six shifts before the virus got bad, and the hygiene was nearly non existent at this store so I left.  They sent me a paycheck for $132.97.  This is roughly 50% of what my pay should have been.  This is a franchise, and the company is MSK management.  There are already multiple complaints against Dominos and MSK management for not paying their delivery drivers.  I contacted management and asked them to breakdown my hours for me exactly.  Unfortunately, I do not know *exactly* what is should be because I was not keeping tabs on every minute I was in the car.  When you're on a delivery, you get $5 an hour, when you're in the store, you get $11 an hour.  The first two days were training, and the third day I spent about an hour and a half finishing training.  This results in 7.5 hours of training, which is $82.50 in itself.  I then worked another 24 hours, so they are trying to pay me roughly $50 dollars for these 24 hours of work.  I contacted the management, but obviously they are not guaranteed to help me out.  I'm not so sure what to do here, any advice?"
Investing Is it legal for me to take someone elses money with there consent, and invest into crypto? USA, NY based
"Landlord saying we owe $1050 that I'm positive we have paid... From Saskatchewan, Canada. Woke up this morning to a notice on my door saying that we owe




$250 Pet fee 
$1000 Rent
$50 NSF Fee

I am SO confused. When we first moved into the apartment we paid a non refundable pet fee ($250). We were told it was $250 per animal and even though we had two cats we were only charged for one. Can he collect over a year later now that we are planning on moving out for our other cat that he knew about from the beginning? Why werent we charged then?


I found this regarding pet deposits:
http://www.justice.gov.sk.ca/ORT-PetFees
It says ""The total security deposit, including any pet deposit, collected by a landlord at the beginning of the tenancy"" does this mean he cant charge us again later?


I let him know on the 27th of August that September would be our last month of staying in the apartment. We paid first and last months rent when we moved in. Why are we being charged for rent when he should just be taking it out of our last months rent that we have already paid?

I have no idea what the NSF Fee is. 

I have emailed him about this and plan to call when the offices open  but I guess I'm freaking out inside. These are charges that we didnt think we would have. because we have already paid them. Any insight would be greatly appreciated. 

"
[Hong Kong] What happens to my grandparents assets if they don't have a will? Given that writing a will is kind of a taboo topic, what will happen in the eventuality that they pass away without a will? Does the assets get distributed evenly amongst my dad and my aunts? 
PA- My grandfather’s cousin wrote a will 2 weeks before he died giving all assets to a “friend” who just recently came back into his life My grandfather had a first cousin who has been sick for many years. He has also been grossly cheap. He refused to utilize any services such as a home health aid (he was very sick including having bed sores) or even a lawyer to help take care of financial care or his will. He adamantly has refused a will for years. My grandparents have been helping him the last few years. Including bringing him groceries and taken care of what they could in his apartment. Apparently this man has been so mean his children haven’t spoken to him in several decades. So six months ago. A doctor tells my grandfather that his cousin has dementia and shouldn’t be making decisions anymore but nothing is done as far a POA or advanced directive. Then apparently this friend comes into the picture (apparently cousin has 1million in assets) and gets him to sign a will two weeks ago and he is put on hospice, funeral was last week. Would this be possible to fight in court? My grandparents don’t want the money but his cousin did have a brother who is very sickly and this could help with paying for care for him. 
Threats made after PayPal case opened. My friend and I both placed separate orders with a vendor in Pakistan. We both live in the US. My order has yet to arrive. Her order arrived with most pieces completely shattered. He failed to wrap the items properly. She opened a case on PayPal because he doesn’t want to refund her. He is now sending threatening messages. He also called her and told her he has people in the United States and then hung up on her. (You have to give a contact number for DHL shipping). She is very upset and scared because he has both of our addresses. Is there anything she should do to make sure she is safe?
"New York - Mother Terrorizing Family The family is a mother two young daughters (one 17 and one 18) and a father. The mother and father have been married 23 years.

The mother has severe mental illness undiagnosed and she terrorizes the family.

The two daughters absolutely love their father.
The two daughters have videos of the mom freaking out multiple times.
The mother steals her daughters things and abuses the dogs.

The scariest part right now is that the mother is threatening to file an order of protection to kick the dad out of the house even though he has done no wrong.

My question is: can the mother actually file a complaint (order or protection) to have the dad kicked out under false pretenses given that the daughters will stand up for him?

What if the daughters band together and say they feel scared of their mom and file orders of protection first? 

This woman is absolutely crazy they have many hours of video of her freaking out and making threats. (violent BPD undiagnosed) Please help they are being terrorized."
"Apartment Flooded Twice, Placed Rent into Escrow Twice, Landlord now served us with a Notice to Leave the Premisses We have legal representation but just wanted to see if anyone has been through this or could offer good advice. I’ll keep it as short as I can.

September: (paid rent)
1. Apartment floods from fire suppression line.
2. Water restoration dries apartment for two days. No temporary housing is offered. 
3. Missed certain areas but reasonably satisfied.
4. Drywall repairs scheduled several times, no call no show. All possessions remain out of these rooms.
5. Apartment floods again. No water restoration team is called because it was “minor”. Fire suppression water line turned off for an evening until repairs are made.
6. Request for waived rent ignored.

October: (paid rent)
1. Drywall repairs scheduled, no call no show. 
2. Large areas eventually get fixed, base boards and door frames remain water logged. 
3. Landlord stops responding to emails and makes empty promises in person. Disclosed that complex is in a lawsuit with the company that installed fire suppression line.
4. Begin to suspect that these are not the first two leaks in the apartment. 
5. Request for rent waived ignored. Complex offered a restaurant gift card.
6. Obtained legal counsel.

November: (paid rent into escrow)
1. Base boards and door frames still not fixed and maintenance will not set a schedule for repairs after repeated requests. They randomly show up and once entered the apartment without notification.
2. Complex attorney threatens to sue us for escrow in bad faith, slander (two photos were posted to Instagram with no captions, complex was tagged).
3. Missed our escrow court date because we did not check our mail in time.
4. Escrow was released.
5. Filed for damages.
6. Repairs on baseboards and door frames started but never finished. 
7. Attorney for complex stops responding for our attorneys emails.

December: (paid rent into escrow)
1. Notice to Leave Premises in three days.
2. Repairs still not complete. 
3. Threats continue that we will now have to pay complexes attorney fees.

Am I missing something here? This seems like an obvious error on our complexes part yet they seem determined to fight us to the bitter end. All of our exchanges have been polite and there was no previous bad blood yet things have gotten extremely ugly. Are these just scare tactics? Is there some legal rule we are unaware of? Our complex is claiming that the repairs were completed in a timely and professional manor. Maybe they are only required to fix major issues? This is a “luxury” apartment complex too that is very expensive. Seems to be that there is a certain level of expectation they that should have to return the apartment to its existing condition or at least to where the walls are painted and the base boards are not water logged. They seem so confident in their position that it is making me nervous. Thoughts?"
"Firing after suicide attempt NV Sorry about the title, i really had no idea what to call this. Im in need of some help, and ill try to make this brief.  For a preface, at my job, policy is that 3 No call no shows= Termination. I have to call in by 11am or i am a NCNS. That said, I tried to kill myself in August.  I was  in a psych hospital for five days, and got two NCNS's from that, due to not having access to make a phone call in the appropriate time frames on my first and last day, because the hospitals I was in legally could not allow me access to my phone when I had just attempted self harm on my first day, and the last day we were doing outprocessing testing, paperwork and such. I used the hospital phone the other three days to call out, to be safe. HOWEVER, when I first got there, I got a text to my boss that id be MIA for a few days, and the same the day I got discharged, telling him id be back the following day. I got back to work and explained what had happened, and he got the no call no show penalties removed, because hes a decent human. 

Now, fast forward to today. I have gotten one more NCNS since then, which ill take full responsibility for, I hecked up. However, my bosses boss went back and saw the other two, and said per policy, I should be getting fired, even though SIX MONTHS AGO, my boss said I would not be penalized.

Is there anything I can do or am I just screwed? "
"No hot water for a week in the entire condo complex due to a road accident. Do we have any rights? (California) My wife and I are renters. Work has been going on for one week to to repair damage done, but we have been without gas the entire time, which means no hot water and no use of the on-site washers &amp; dryers, since they both use the gas line. 

The HOA not been very helpful, just posting flyers every few days with updates. There seems to be workers doing something out on the gas lines, but it has been sporadic. 

Help! The wife is getting pissy and I am sick of taking cold showers. Do I have any legal rights here?"
Is it legal to lie about the price of a service, then charge the real amount once the service is completed? Florida I was told a doctor's visit would be a certain price. Upon completion of the visit, I was charged a much higher price.
"I have a Civil Claim against me for an Incident I wasn’t involved in I’ve never posted to this sub before so here goes.

I’m a college student at the University of Minnesota (Minneapolis, MN). This past Sunday, my dad sent me a picture of a letter sent to my home address (Skokie, Illinois) stating that a store named Albertsons has filed a civil claim against me for $250 regarding damages to their store. This incident was at a store in Illinois. I’ve never heard of this place before and, needless to say, it wasn’t me who committed the damages they claim. I called the law firm handling their claim (Palmer Recovery Attorneys) and they couldn’t give me much information about what exactly happened and how they got my information because the police are still writing the report. I have no idea how crimes are handled so I’m not sure how/when I can get more information. They suggested I file an identity theft report at my local police station to dispute their claim.

I’ve never been in a situation like this, is there anything I should be doing? Any advice would be greatly appreciated!"
"What do I do if I need to register a new vehicle that used to be in the US but was exported out and now is being imported back to California but there is no way to make appointments right now due to coronavirus? This doesn’t classify as a registration renewal I believe since the car was gone from the states for a year and is now being imported back, so I think it is probably a new registration and not a renewal. New car registrations thought can only be done in person in CA at the dmv and not online and literally I have been unable to make any appointments for two months. On the website it says all appointments are currently unavailable. They say they have opened certain locations but it is by appointment only and none have been available.

What can I do? I need this car for work.


Thanks and stay safe❤️"
"Did my boss do anything illegal by refusing me unemployment? So to keep a long story as short as possible, I tested positive for covid 19 in the early weeks of the lockdown, I informed my employer that I would likely be gone a number of weeks and that I was gonna file for unemployment and he told me I can’t do that and that he’d take care of me. I kinda figured this was bs, my friends were making an extra six hundred a week on unemployment and I really could have used that money but I told myself “just be thankful you’re getting paid at all” and that was the end of it for a while.

Multiple weeks later once I’m recovered I return to work to find a stack of paychecks waiting for me, and I learned he basically used up all my vacation, my sick days, any pto I had for the year paying me in my absence. I was annoyed by this, and while i thought of it as a super dick move, I didn’t really think it was illegal, but multiple people have told me it is. I really don’t understand employment laws at all especially in these strange times, so if anyone can clear this up for me I’d be super grateful! Thanks!"
"Found Hit&amp;Run vehicle owner I have basic insurance through Farmers.

My parked car was hit on Thanksgiving, my sister-in-law witnessed the incident.   My wife calls PD, files report and gives officer shell of passenger mirror that came from the perps vehicle.

Sunday night we are out and see vehicle matching description of our perp with matching damages to passenger side and missing mirror shell.   

Followed perp to residence, got plate number and pictures. 

After waiting a week I was able to reach an on duty officer on Thursday night. I told him where to find the vehicle in question, the mirror shell matched the vehicle perfectly. 

They found the owner and found out she doesn't have insurance. The owner claimed she wasn't the one driving but wouldn't give the name of the individual who was. Officer told us the report would be ready monday.  It wasn't.  Hopefully tomorrow.
 
What happens next?

How do we get he money to cover the costs of repair (estimated $3900)

What tickets/charges will the owner of the car receive?

Can we try to get the money outside of a court or insurance company if we tried a contract/payment plan?

Any advice on the subject would be appreciated."
"How do you get rid of a corrupt Fire Chief? (CA) I live in a small town with an incredulous fire chief. He’s been a chief for two years but has zero fire experience (he was an EMT for 2 years before being fired). I am friends with my town’s firefighters, and there were incidents where the chief fired full units of firefighters for speaking out against his practices. When other, more experienced firefighters, educate him on policies, he refuses to follow them. 

There are many instances where we try to get our city board members to vote him out, but a 3/5th majority seem complacent. I know our town can look into recalling or making DA complaints against those in public office, such as the city board members, but what do we do against a fire chief? He has costed our city 6 lawsuits in two years due to his bad practice, and has caused a high turnover with our firefighters due to the frustrating work environment (last weekend alone, 3 firefighters quit).  He also parks his RV amongst the other fire vehicles and lets family sleep there. He’s brazen and just does whatever he wants. 

I am unsure how to go about this. A majority of our city believe he is corrupt because he has been able to give himself large bonuses with ease, and some are suspecting he’s secretly embezzling the firefighter’s food fund. I care about our firefighters and they’re having a hard time with an incompetent, corrupt, and uncaring chief. What legal route can we go to investigate his immoral practices? (I’m working with some of them due to their fear of retaliation)"
Illinois employer not giving me work after I have Xrays done for a injury and a piece of equipment was broken to which I was blamed for. I live in Indiana. On 11-15-19 I had to have a Xray done for a fall that happened at work(medically cleared to work after xray). On 12-13-19 After receiving an email from HR stating I broke a piece of equipment to which I replied explaining that it was broken when I got to the job site. I was then told I had been assigned to a different crew. While checking out of my hotel I’m told to go home and wait for a new crew to join. I have been in contact the whole time asking when I’ll go back to work most of the time I get blocked, lied to about weather, and just plain ignored. After I was blocked again by HR on 1-3-20 I called the front office and asked to talk to a manager then the HR guy answers and tells me he’ll “let me know”. I am also Homeless as my job required me to travel for at least a month at a time it was easier to just live on the road. They know this and to me it seems like they are trying to make me quit by starving me out. Is there anything I can do? I’m going to start losing my phone, car, insurance, storage etc soon.
"Need advice regarding a speeding ticket... I got pulled over this weekend and the cop clocked me at 79mph in a 55mph zone. The citation shows he used a handheld Radar, and also that the device was just recently tested on 12/22/2014. The officer was really nice and reduced the charge to just five over the limit, and fined me with going 60mph in a 55mph zone. He told me this way I just have to pay the fine but don't get any points on my record...

The actual fine comes to only $35, however there are all sorts of extra charges listed, (E.M.S. / Surcharge Costs / J.C.P. / A.T.J. fees) which drive up my total fine to $138.50! It's my first offense and I'd really like to keep my record clean...but my fine was already reduced I don't want to come off as ungrateful for the officer by showing up to court trying to fight it...

My question is should I try fighting this or just accept guilty and pay the $138.50? Since it's my first offense and I'm not getting any points would my insurance go up?

Location: Pennsylvania

Thank you!"
Do I have a chance of getting out of this felony charge? Hi I’m wondering if anyone has any advice they can give me to get out of this felony. My boyfriends mom is telling me to get a court appointed lawyer. I have no priors so I feel like if I hire a real lawyer I have a chance of getting out of the felony. I have a misdemeanor from the case as well I’m not too worried about that knowing it will go off my record after a couple years. The felony is for forgery/uttering I went through a really tough spot after Emma Nd my boyfriend broke up, relapsed, lost both my jobs and was desperate for money to pay rent. The thing is a detective convinced me to talk to him not thinking I was going to get arrested and I told him I knew these checks were fake. The detective told me he was sending it to the district attorney and I would get something in the mail. WELL I never got anything gun in the mail 4 weeks later I have a warrant out for my arrest for forgery and uttering ( felony ) and theft- false representation (misdm). 19 years old no priors except a traffic violation like I mentioned.
"Order from China cancelled within 4 hours, no confirmation by the seller, what do I do if the package is sent anyway? I'm ordering from Germany, the product is a mock-up silencer for an airsoft gun (within the legal boundaries, I checked before). I canceled the order just 4 hours after the order-confirmation, which was only sent after my request :( The reseller has not responded yet (about 2 days later) to confirm my cancellation neither have I gotten my money back (payment via PayPal)...
I'm really worried that the shop will send the product anyway and I'll be stuck with all the costs."
"[VA] How does traffic court typically proceed here? Hi all. I have traffic court tomorrow. May seem like a little thing but it’s my first “””crime””” ever of going 70 on a 60 highway. I’ve read in some articles that the first court date is just to plead guilty/not guilty/etc and then the judge sets the actual court date in the future,  but I don’t know if that’s correct...it seems like a lot of hassle for such petty misdemeanors. Anyway, it would be nice if it were true! I plan to arrive an hour and a half early either way to ensure I’m in a good spot so I don’t have to wait for too long. I’m not really sure how long traffic court lasts either and how long I should expect between actually be pleading my case and getting the verdict.

Thanks for any advice and humoring my uninteresting questions"
"Landlord MIA, what should I do? (Austin, TX) I started leasing one apartment with a roommate in a small building of only four units last July. My landlord had a lengthy and nit picky lease, but it was extremely cheap for the area, and I needed a place immediately. The landlord was overbearing, sending out emails every week about the little community's weekly dinners together and trying to micromanage from a distance. He is an older gentleman who doesn't have the best grasp on technology. He does not live in Austin, but out in the surrounding countryside.

My neighbors and I stopped receiving these emails in early November. We just thought that the holidays were getting too busy for him to micromanage from afar, and we actually preferred it. Over the last few months, a handful of thing have needed repairs, issues from awful internet and mold in the bathroom to lack of heating and electricity in some rooms. We have called, texted, an emailed our landlord with no response. The utilities are still mostly functioning, so those bills are being paid somehow. All of the tenants have continued paying rent, although a strike is probably in the works until things are fixed.

At this point, we don't know if he is missing or fallen ill or anything. Should we file a missing person's report? How do I get my deposit back? How do we get repairs done, as the lease explicitly forbids us to do them ourselves? Any advice is welcome."
"My girlfriend's bosses keep changing when they get payed So my girlfriend works at a bakery and she is in debt and was suppose to get payed today at 12 but they owners/bosses keep changing when they get payed. Even tho the system is suppose to be scheduled for today they arent going to pay her and the other employees.

They have changed the days, what time scheduled they get paid at and etc...

Used to be every week to bi weekly to now two times a months

And they even change the days from tuesday to thursday back to tuesday back to thursday again

Is this fair? I feel like it isnt and she should have been notified but she wasn't, she got told today."
"[CA] My traffic ticket disappeared? Hey there, /r/legaladvice. This is kind of a silly question, but I'm paranoid, so I thought I'd ask for tips.

About 2 months ago, I was driving in my mom's neighborhood when I ""ran a red light."" (I did, but the light changed while I was in the intersection, so I continued through.) I was immediately pulled over. I tried to explain my reasoning to the cop, but he wasn't having it and issued me a ticket. Bummer.

I know it's a long shot, but I decided I wanted to fight the ticket, so I sent in a request for a trial by written declaration, as I live internationally. The court wrote back saying that there was no ticket. I was concerned that I'd mistyped the ticket number, so I used my local court website to search for any tickets online (by my name and DOB) -- no tickets. Hooray?

How long does it usually take for a traffic ticket to enter the system? At what point can I just say ""PHEW!"" and move on? 

Like I said, I live overseas, so I gave the officer my mom's address (and explained why). This makes me kind of nervous, because it means I rely on my mom to notice my ticket in the mail. I really don't want to let my guard down, only to be faced with a suspended license and 2 gazillion USD in fees when I come back to CA in 9 mo.

Advice would be greatly appreciated!"
"Hourly wage cut back! I work at store in the local mall. There is a high turn over rate because ... Well it's the mall and it's geared towards teenagers so they don't pay much, but only hire those 18+. Anyways, I have been there over a year now but was given the Lead position around Sept/Oct of 2018 so my wages should have gone from 9.20 to 9.55 per hour. But I was given 9.95 which was approved by the National Manager at the time. The reason being (from my understanding) was because for over a month the store was without a manager because the third one up and quit with zero notice so I was it in charge of running the store. I couldn't do much cuz I had 2 other jobs at the time but I did interview a few people, run deposits, check schedules, work with National Manager and make sure everyone was doing their job by typing up memos and reports. I was offered the manager position but I didn't feel like the candy store was where I wanted to be so I declined. 
Ntl Manager finally finds a new manager after a month and I train her in how we run everything. 
Around May of this year I was offered a FT job elsewhere. I turned in my two weeks to this store and my other jobs but a few days after doing so I decided I wanted to keep the mall job for the extra money (it was paying the most and fit perfectly with my FT job). The new manager said this was fine and would let the National Manager know. I now work part time in the evenings and stayed on as the Lead. 
I would say about 1 month later (I'm not certain when, I'll have to check my paystubs) My wages went from 9.95 to 9.55. I asked why but was never given an answer. Had no success in contacting the National Manager and the new manager had 0 information. The National Manager left and a new one came on around August so there's no way to contact the old one. 
My question is, what can I do to get my previous wages back? I assume they were cut because they thought I was leaving but that doesn't seem fair to cut my wages WHILE I'm still there, and without giving me notice!
I don't want to take legal action, but I would like more understanding as to what I can do and the legality of the whole situation. Thanks for reading this far and I know I can quit but that's not what I'm asking. Cheers!"
"[CA] What are the consequences I’ll face when reporting a 20 year old adult for indecent exposure and sexual advances on a 15 year old minor? On January 1st, there was a NYE party. I (21F) invited and took my little sister, 15. There was a period at around 3AM where most of the party crew went to eat. My little sister stayed at the property with other people including the 20 year old guy. It is during this time that my sister and him make out in a room. He initiated by grabbing her breast and pulling her to his side. Someone saw that and exited the room. Then, he got on top of her while she was on bed. He unzipped his pants and underwear and exposed himself. She said she was shocked and didn’t know what to do. There was silence. He placed his private part into her mouth and she spit it out after 1-2 seconds. She placed her hands on his thighs and said “stop” and then said “no, I don’t do head”. He then grabbed her hand and helped her give him a hand job and said “this is how I like it” and “this is how to do it”. Somehow he stopped, got off of her, and unzipped himself. She sat up and moved her head opposite of him. They never spoke again. People who had gotten out to eat, including me, were coming back from the diner. 

I really screwed up as an adult. I know I should’ve never taken her to this “adult” party. And even if I did take her, I left her alone and unsupervised. I was extremely irresponsible. Also, it infuriates me that he touched my sister knowing well that he wasn’t drunk and she was EXTREMELY high. Now, I know I should’ve taken my sister’s weed pen that night and controlled her behavior. However, I didn’t even know she owned a pen until that night. She tells me she hit the pen probably 18-20 times and after the incident, she was shaking and scared and she thinks it’s because of weed. My sister was extremely unconscious on making any kind of decisions. She was not in the proper state of mind for him to do that!! I told my parents what happened a few days ago. My sister feels uncomfortable and doesn’t know what to do. I’m in charge of fixing this. 

I truly want to report this guy. If it weren’t my sister, it could’ve been another minor at this party. I’m stressed that not only him will face legal consequences. I’m talking about the property owner who allowed her daughter (19F) to host a party full of jello shots, alcohol, and weed. Minors were there. Even I brought 2 bottles of alcohol to the party. What kind of repercussions am I facing? What should I prepare for?"
Witness on a will as an employee for a business I've been a Montana notary for a number of years for a UPS Store. I've notarized hundreds of wills over the years, but very often, the person needing a notary doesn't bring any witnesses. Usually two witnesses are also required to sign the document. My coworkers will wind up signing as witnesses in a pinch. The UPS Store offers notarial insurance in case a notary goes awry and the notarial officer finds himself in court. However, there's no insurance offered by the store for employees signing as witnesses on a will. I'm assuming they could face legal repercussions for doing this should say a relative decide to dispute the will. I want to stop offering this service. It seems like a bad idea and people need to be bringing their own witnesses anyway. Would I be wrong?
"i want my name off of current apartment with my bf I want to move away from my boyfriend who became alcoholic and violent. Both of our names are on the lease and I want to move out. I read leasing agreement, but it doesn't say anything about early termination of lease from one person. So i called the leasing office and they said the only way for me to move out is for both of us to move out. Is this worth fighting for? i've never heard this or experienced this where it doesn't state in leasing paper but leasing office people are verbally saying I can't do it. Also, would it be possible to sign a leasing agreement in another apartment while I'm ""living"" in my currently apartment? i really want to move out..."
"Missouri - Boss fired my husband, cited coaching sessions that didn’t happen as part of the reason My husband was fired today and the boss listed “not working hard enough” and “always on Facebook” as reasons for termination before abruptly leaving the meeting with HR.  The boss apparently told HR he had  held several coaching sessions with my husband to “light a fire under his ass” but my husband never worked, and that he ran an audit of my husband’s computer usage and he spent 80% of the time on Facebook. My husband acknowledged he had FB open ion his computer but definitely wasn’t actively using it during the day except during breaks.  My husband also never had a single one on one meeting with the boss; he had spoken to him in team meetings but never had a conversation about performance or anything close to an evaluation or coaching.  

Finally, his boss said my husband skipped a meeting last week that was scheduled (he seemed especially fixated on this). My husband said 5 minutes before the meeting his boss came out and said he needed to speak with a coworker first and then closed his door and never came out the rest of the day. The policy of the office was that a closed door meant a phone call or meeting and served as a do not disturb sign, so my husband didn’t want to barge in.  The boss took that as a sign that my husband blew off the meeting while my husband assumed the boss would reschedule when he was less busy.  

My husband felt he was doing good work at this job.  He never received anything other than compliments from coworkers, had done a lot of work to get his department up to speed and caught up on support tickets, and had received zero negative feedback to date. He’s totally blindsided. 

HR basically said their hands were tied and if my husband had concerns with the boss and his management he should’ve notified them. My husband said he didn’t know anything was wrong until the meeting.

I’m assuming there’s not much that can be done about this due to at will employment, but since the boss lied about the coaching sessions I thought I’d check if there’s any chance of a wrongful termination suit. Thanks for any help you can provide."
"Landlord tying to make me pay for bedbug removal (WA, USA) [Washington state laws](http://apps.leg.wa.gov/RCW/default.aspx?cite=59.18.060) says that the landlord must pay for pest control UNLESS its caused by the tenant. 

I know I did not have a bedbug problem before moving in. Within a month of moving in I found some bedbugs in one of the bedrooms and brought this to the landlords attention. The property manager told me nothing she could do and to take care of the problem myself. So I did some research and did just that and seemed to take care of the problem, it was not that bad or so I thought. 

That was in August. Well the bedbugs are back so I called Orkin to get a professional opinion and the guy told me he could do a treatment but he would feel real bad charging me $600 for it as he couldn't even tell bugs had been in the room ( I really scorched earth in there gf hates bugs) and it wasn't necessary just continue what I'm doing.  Then the Orkin guy contacted the property manager about his inspection of the apartment. She flipped out to put it mildly. Complete opposite of when I told her of the bugs in August. 

She demanded the apartment be treated by her contracted Orkin guy (apparently the complex has a contract with Orkin which I did not know previously) and the Orkin guy I had inspect can't be trusted as its not her contracted guy that did the inspection. I told her I can't afford the treatment which a pest control professional told me would be a waste of money and I didnt cause the problem but if she wants to pay for it and get it done thats fine but she is insisting that I caused the problem and is going to have it done and charged to me regardless.

How do I prove I didnt cause the bedbugs ? I've only found them in the one bedroom and every piece of furniture in there was brand new. Sadly I didn't save receipts.

Property manager is being real shady to. When I talked to her a few days ago she agreed to have her guy come inspect as she ""doesnt know my guy"" on Friday but he never showed and then she waited until really late in the evening to post a notice on my door (while I was at work) they are coming to do the treatment on Monday with a huge list of ""require"" things I have to do. Pulling up carpet and removing baseboards.

What are my options here ? What should I do to protect myself ? I really dont have much in the form of documentation out of my own stupidity. Been renting about 15 years and I've never had a problem before now. Lesson learned"
"Can someone explain the new Overtime laws that go into effect Dec 1st? I am really confused as to how the new law will affect me. I am working as a Sole IT guy at my job, I am paid 35k salary. I also work a ton of overtime. I am In IL. 

I went on the DOL and found this https://www.dol.gov/whd/overtime/fs17a_overview.htm
but it did not help me much.

To qualify for the computer employee exemption, the following tests must be met:
The employee must be compensated either on a salary or fee basis (as defined in the regulations) at a rate not less than $455 per week or, if compensated on an hourly basis, at a rate not less than $27.63 an hour; ( I dont understand this part )


The employee must be employed as a computer systems analyst, computer programmer, software engineer or other similarly skilled worker in the computer field performing the duties described below;
The employee’s primary duty must consist of:
1) The application of systems analysis techniques and procedures, including consulting with users, to determine hardware, software or system functional specifications;
2) The design, development, documentation, analysis, creation, testing or modification of computer systems or programs, including prototypes, based on and related to user or system design specifications;
3) The design, documentation, testing, creation or modification of computer programs related to machine operating systems; or
4) A combination of the aforementioned duties, the performance of which requires the same level of skills."
"[Florida] Hurricane Matthew: pay questions I'm a non-exempt trades worker for a privately held company. I was sent from my normal work area well clear of Hurricane Matthew into an area less than 20 miles from the coast a day before it made landfall in Florida. I was required to stay on site (23 hours or so) until after it passed in case emergency work was needed.

Can my employer threaten consequences for refusing to go into an area under hurricane warning? If nothing of the sort is part of your job description or conditions for employment?

The way I understand The FLSA, I am entitled to compensation for my time on site, even if there was no work being accomplished. What would that entail? 

I am not represented by a union, but I am a full time employee of the company. There are other employees in different specialties who are represented by a union and their contract covers such contingencies, however there is no company policy for my particular situation.

FWIW I really like my job and am not keen on putting it at risk. However, I am annoyed at potentially putting my life in danger for no real reason."
"(LA, USA) I think the company I work for is committing tax fraud Today, the worker (Let's say Bill) who does all the jobs for the business owners turned in an invoice that is just over $30,000 for personal roof repair. Bill called the contractor to redo the invoice to list the location as our business address and plant name because ""the tax people wont like that"" I was instructed to give the original invoice that lists the true repairs and location to the business owner and I'll keep the revised copy with our business address on file for auditors. I cant report this because they will know it was me and I cant lose my job. I made a copy of both copies of the invoices to use later when I move so I cam report them. Can I get I'm trouble if I turn in copies of these invoices?"
"Do I have a lease? Help me understand [GA] I signed a lease for Fall 2020 back in November and a new tenant was added in February (this was before I knew about COVID-19). The landlord wants me to resign a lease b/c I signed the original lease that only included one tenant’s name. LL also wants me to pay a $250 amendment fee but I’m not signing anything until I know the situation of fall classes. If I signed the first lease but I don’t sign the updated lease/pay the fee, what happens? Is the contract and space forfeited? This is the message my landlord sent me: “Hi Everyone,
Please review and sign as soon as you can. Once signed, we will add the amendment fee of $250 will be charged to the ledger and can be paid online. We will finalize amendment on our end once all parties have signed and the payment of $250 is received in full. Thank you!”"
"Ontario, Canada: sublet damaged furniture and won’t pay Hi all,

Sorry in advance for the super long post, I am just so stressed right now I don’t know what to do. 

TL;DR subleaser won’t own up to their mistakes in paying for damages made by their pet. I have to pay out of my own pocket. What can I do to get the money back?

So I’m currently leasing an apartment (student housing) with 2 other people. I subleased the apartment to another person for 4 months (May-August which is a common thing to do in my area). The sublet had a pet who damaged the walls, chairs, etc. They were able to repair everything, but 4 chairs are very scratched up and you can clearly tell it was the pet that damaged them. 

Unfortunately, I don’t have have pictures of what it looked like before the damages (which I give myself hell for every single day) so technically there’s no photo proof. However, the scratch patterns across all four chairs is exactly the same (there’s literally no way a person could make those scratches unless they have strong claws) and my roommates also are proof (because they lived in the apartment while I was away).

Now, the damages come up to ~$1000 because they need to be fully replaced. I know this is a big amount especially for students, but in the end you have to be responsible for your actions. 

Also, inspection for our apartment is usually done when a lease has ended, but because we knew of the damages, we asked if inspection can be done when the sublet moved out. This makes sense because if I had the inspection done at the end of my lease, which doesn’t end for another year, the subleaser could’ve easily said it wasn’t their fault as eight months have past since they moved out. They are also giving me shit for why I asked an inspection to be done earlier than the end of my lease. 

Anyways, I told them the cost and they were completely against paying, saying that first it wasn’t the pet and basically made a bunch of excuses. Everyone knows it was the pet and they can’t get away with lying about it. We have been going back and forth about paying for over 4 months: them getting extremely upset (saying I chose to f them over and have short term mindedness, etc - their words not mine which ngl really hurt lol), me extending deadlines for them, calling rental housing legal people to ask if the cost can be decreased, etc.  The sublet even gave me their “word”, saying that if I can show them the actual cost of the chairs, they’ll pay. Which I did because it’s in the lease I signed with the management. Although they were not made aware of the specific costs (because I didn’t think something like this would happen), in the sublease it states that they are responsible for any damages made by them. 

The legal advise I received told me that there’s nothing else that I can do (the management gave monthly payment deadlines to help divide the cost and the cost is written in the lease so it can’t be changed). The lease I signed is with the management, and the lease the sublet signed is under me. So I am responsible for anything that happens. 

I tried being as accommodating as possible, but the cost cannot be changed and they also had over four months to save up in case the price didn’t go down (I am also not trying to make any assumptions, but they have a pretty good coop job right now and if you have to pay ~200/month, it doesn’t seem too harsh). I am under so much pressure right now because I am not working due to school and it’s also exam season. I can’t rely on my parents for money because my dad hasn’t been working for a month (broke his arm, thus have no main income), and I just don’t want to add extra stressors to them. 

So, I told them the final decision that they have to pay the full amount by the deadlines that the management provided and said if they still don’t agree to it, I will have to take the legal route and take this to small claims court. 

After even more bantering back and forth, ultimately they said don’t contact me again. 

I now have to pay the management for the damages out of my pocket because the deadline is fast approaching (I don’t have any other choice). 

I am literally so stressed right now I don’t know what to do. I can’t even concentrate on exams because of this. Do I have to go to the small claims court? If so, I know there’s a ~$100 fee... can I later ask the sublet to pay for any additional costs? 

Any help or advice would be greatly appreciated.

Also, sorry I explained everything in a weird order, just trying to explain everything."
"Signing a check from an insurance company constitutes acceptance that that check is payment-in-full for damages? (Ohio) My Dad seems to think this is the case but it doesn't make any sense to me. If someone owes me $20 and sends me a check for $10, signing the first check doesn't mean they've paid me the full $20.

If this is how it works... How the hell did our country get so fucked up regarding insurance liability settlements?"
"Other driver was at fault, didn't own vehicle, won't return calls to adjuster. I was rear ended while stopped at a red light a few nights ago. The other driver was clearly at fault and admitted that he ""hit a patch of ice"" to the police. In dealing with the insurance company he provided, I've learned that the car wasn't his. They have no reason to believe that it was stolen, but said they cannot proceed until they hear from him.

The adjuster said it's possible they may not pay out anything at all. My passenger and I both have sore necks/headaches a few days later but are afraid to go see a doctor because we're on limited incomes and if they don't pay that could really make life awful. It seems crazy that in this situation it's possible we could get nothing, not even damages for the vehicle. 

Location: USA"
"Nondisclosure: Minimum damages $15,000? I'm a professional-services provider, and I've received a nondisclosure agreement from middleman/agency that will perform marketing services for me, essentially, in exchange for a commission.  

I've signed nondisclosure agreements before, but I've never seen one that explicitly outlays monetary damages for a violation of the agreement. Here's the language:  

&gt;[CONSULTANT (me)] agrees to keep confidential all customer lists, trade secrets, and other confidential material such as our policies and procedures, promotion strategies, pricing structure, and any material posted on our private networking pages, discussed orally, or conveyed in e-mail. . . .  

&gt;Consultant agrees to pay minimum damages of $15,000 if such a confidentiality violation is discovered, and an additional actual damage amount if Network operations and/or other consultants are proved to be harmed by such violation of confidentiality.  

&gt;Should the Consultant leave the Network, the Consultant agrees not to . . . utilize the verbiage, information, business setup, or marketing strategies (etc.) learned through association with the Network.  

The liability here seems very vague. Nowhere in the agreement does it mention ""reasonable attempts"" at maintaining confidentiality, nor is there specific language about enforceability (specifically: how and where is a ""violation"" of a breach proven?).   

So:      
*Is it prudent to proceed without more specific language around enforceability and jurisdiction and litigation/arbitration/mediation?  
*Is ""and any material posted . . . discussed orally, or conveyed in e-mail"" too broad?  
*Regarding that last paragraph, ""learned through association"" seems vague but favorably so. There's no way to prove what I did or did not ""learn"" directly from the agency, is there?  

Thank you from Texas. "
Hit and run Today my friend bumped a parked car while they were at a hardware store, they were on the phone with work at the moment and had gone inside to get paper/pen and to get what they were there for. He talked to a witness and let them know he’d leave a note. They wrote out the note but got distracted while on the phone with work and forgot to actually leave the note 🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️. He got a call from the Sheriffs department saying they are sure he’s “well aware” of the hit and run and they would call him back. They didn’t leave any contact information to call them back. It’s now 8:30pm and he still hasn’t received a call. What should his next steps be? What are the potential repercussions here? For reference this is in Washington state.
"Landlord being shady at the end of our lease To preface, this is in Pittsburgh. 4 other roommates and I were renting a house for $2000 a month with a $4000 deposit. A month and some change before the end of our lease at the end of August my landlord called me to ask we could end the lease early as there was a foreign family scheduled to move in after us who apparently desperately needed to move in early. After talking it over with my roommates, we decided to not end the lease early because some of us had various obligations that made moving out early a hassle and the situations seemed a bit shady on our landlord's part. I move out a month early and called gave my landlord my key the day I moved out. Everyone else was out of the house at that moment but their stuff was still there. One of my roommates comes by later that night to get some of his stuff to his parent's house who live close by. The foreign family that could not communicate in English very well were in the house. So he eventually gets a hold of the landlord and she tells him that I told her that it was ok for them to move in. The rest of my roommates end up rushing to get out of the house within the week as they didn't trust their stuff with strangers. I did not say it was ok for the family to move in, but we chalked it up to miscommunication and did not pay the rent for August since we all moved out. Over the course of the next month we had a really hard time contacting our landlord to do a walkthrough of the house, she wouldn't respond to my or my roommates text or calls. She finally responds saying she'll write up the list of damages. We figured she was gonna try and grime us on damages or that last month's rent but the last roomate took pictures on his way out. 30 days after our lease and 50 and some change days after we all were out, we still have not received an itemized expense list. I texted her asking for the deposit in full as we're legally entitled to at this point. She says she is getting a divorce and can't pay us even if we sue as her money is tied up. She gave me the number to her divorce lawyer whom I called in the middle of the week but has not responded to me. I'm thinking of going to small claims court anyways as the fees aren't too much and there is no lawyer required. Seems like a straight forward case on that end, but my question is can we actually get the money back in a reasonable amount of time? 

"
Was Scammed online, how do I approach the cyber cell. As the topic says, I was scammed by a person yesterday while purchasing a game account online. I somehow got his phone number, ip address and email id by digging here and there. I have screenshots of our chat where he accepts that he will need some time to arrange money and offers me other account for use until he collects money. I don't think he will, so I want to register a complaint  against this person. How do I approach the cyber department of my country amid lockdown. I belong to India and I have some of his locations but not sure where he is exactly located.
"[GA] Landlord won't pay us the deposit fee stating they ""never received it"" from the government. My roomates and I rented a townhome in GA and the original holder of the property sold it, or it was foreclosed upon. We were never notified of why or when this happened, but at one point four years ago the property was bought by a new holder.

We paid a deposit to the first landlords, but not the second. At the time of the changeover, the new landlords told us to send our rent payments to them, so we did. We never paid a deposit to the new landlords, but the contract they had us sign states that they were paid a deposit fee.

We're now moving out of the townhome and the new landlords are saying that since we didn't pay them the deposit they don't owe us one. I'm wondering where did our original deposit go then? The contract we signed with the first landlord doesn't state what happens if they just sell the house to some random bank, and from a bank to a new landlord.

So who is at fault here? Would the previous landlord have owed and given the bank the deposit, which was then given to the new landlord and the new landlord is lying to me? Is the first landlord at fault, and they just pocketed everyone's deposits when they sold the house and walked off with it? Does the bank have it and they've simply not given it to the new landlord?

Push comes to shove, the current landlord signed a contract that states that they were paid a deposit and they must return it to us when we vacate minus any charges to wear and tear. I don't want to force them to pay that deposit if they truly don't have the deposit, but someone has pocketed a good chunk of rent money and is keeping quiet about it."
"Notice of Investigation? 
So i'm 19. This is my first Job, I work at a local grocery store. Been working here about a month.

So today I was called into the office and surrounded by managers. They placed papers in front of me and said that I was under investigation 

They made me sign papers, explained why it happened, and told me to get back to work.

Basically they said last week I clocked in and went directly in the break room (to put my belongings away and put my apron on)

So my coworker, seen me and reported me to the head manager, he said that I was ""abusing the clock, being careless, not doing my job, and left him to do the work alone""

He's clearly exaggerating but here we are, a week later. The head manager reported It to someone higher and now they don't know what's going on.

Hr department now decides.  Kinda scared

What should I do, or what should I know? Don't know what's going on"
"Got hit by a rental car, insurance says it only covers liability, who pays? It’s the first time I get involved in a car crash and don’t know what to do. 

I called the police and they filed a report about what happened, a guy driving a rental car bumped me on the side and made small scratches to the paint and broke the side mirror of my car, police said I was not at fault. 

Afterwards I called my insurance company and filed a claim but they said since my policy is the basic one, they only cover liability. So if I want my car fixed I should call the company the car was rented from (Alamo). 

Is it worth it to have filed a claim? Is Alamo supposed to pay for it? Do I have to wait for them to fix it? It’s hard to drive with a broken side mirror."
"Injured while working while on furlough A relative of mine who lives and works in Maryland was recently furloughed. She ""volunteered"" to continue working, and her employer has continued to rely on her for business operations. Within the past week, she was injured while working (had a fall taking out trash for the office) and required hospitalization and several medical procedures. Is she entitled to workers compensation even though she was furloughed and her employer did not technically require that she be working?"
"(KY) Landlord is wanting us to move out in January because he is putting the house we rent up for sale Our landlord told us in August that we had 5 months to gather ourselves and move out because he had plans of selling the house we rent in January. My mom received a message tonight that he is reminding her of his plans to list the house. 

Even though he gave us ample time (we had to both go to work, was currently at home) to find a new house but then the GM strike happened and we had to move work places (we work as temps currently, about to go full time at the new automotive plant that we work at) that was a little less pay than what we were bringing home. 

Do we have to move out as soon as he lists the home or is it only when he sells the house? I am not well versed in my state's laws but i do know there is a minimum 30 days for renters to move."
"Is inciting harassment a crime? I'm sorry if this is against the rules, I read them but I wasn't sure. 

I'm just curious if, hypothetically if I tell a group of people in real life like neighbors to go harrass somebody, am I liable for inciting. The reason I'm asking this and the reason I tagged my post under computer and internet is because I was wondering about doxing online. If I post someone's phone number or address online knowing people are gonna call and harrass that person am I liable? and if so does it vary state to state like California vs New York? Again sorry if this breaks the rules it's just hard to phrase this on Google."
"Building not as advertised, want to dispute rent I complained over mold in the bathroom to the property manager, but she yelled at me for being 'demanding'. The advertisement said there was air conditioning but it is extremely weak and does not cool the upper floor.  The advertisement said there is internet included, but the modem and router don't work (I am connected to the router but there is no internet service). They put me in the wrong room twice and have caused me a lot of distress. Two doorknobs have had locking issues as well.

I want out of my 'lease' and I think I have a way and I need help and advice. 

I paid all my rent in full before moving into the apartment because of how cheap it was (short term). It was all the money I had left. Because of me paying upfront online, the manager made a mistake as they never received a signed lease agreement from me, in paper or electronically. There is a text confirming that I paid, but that is just it. They do have my bank information though (in order to have charged me to begin with).

I have called my bank and disputed the charge and will provide them with the lease agreement (which I have the only signed copy, which also shows the property owns DID NOT SIGN despite my signature being there). So my charge can be returned to me.

I am afraid of retaliation and won't be able to afford legal representation in case of a dispute. Do I move all my stuff back home in the middle of the night in case they suddenly evict me? I'm afraid of my stuff being thrown out since there is no legal document stating I live here (bad area, everything will be stolen)."
"Is this Discrimination? I used to work at Starbucks in Target for almost a year and I really enjoyed my time there until I started realizing (and people pointed it out to me) that I was being treated a little bit differently. There were several examples of this so I guess I will just lay them out.

One day, I get to work and everyone is talking about their new raise. Me, confused asks about this raise only to find out everybody was pulled into HR individually and told they were being given a raise and this all happened within the week. I was really confused because I didn’t receive such a talk at all, so as a result I went to HR and asked them what was going on with that. They kind of just looked at me, went “oh, yeah.” and then I ended up seeing it in the following paycheck. Mind you, only 4 of us work practically full time, including myself. The part timers were told about the raise.

Aside from this, I was constantly getting written up for having earrings on or wearing leggings instead of black pants, yet my coworkers had a whole ear full of piercings and only exclusively wore leggings &amp; never wore the correct shirt. She noticed that I was always getting in trouble for things that she was also doing, and I was glad to hear that because I thought I was the only one noticing this.

In the store I worked at, my coworkers were always making free drinks for themselves even though we weren’t allowed to. The supervisors all knew because we would give them free drinks. One night, I closed and took a drink home as per usual and the next day I go into work and the store manager pulls me into his office with security. He has videos of me on camera walking out with a drink, and proceeds to call me a thief and that I am fired. 

Later that day, I contacted HR to complain about all of this because I just dont think it was fair for me to get fired over something everyone was doing AND are still doing. Maybe I’m just being a little baby and I got what i deserved, what do you think? this was about 2 years ago and nothing was ever resolved and it still bothers me to this day because people I know work there and I found out they still actively do what I got fired for."
"Landlords claim i didnt pay rent. I paid rent on may 5th. They forgot to come pick it up an earlier date. I have phone records of speaking to them to show we spoke. I also have my boyfriend who saw me hand their grandson this months rent in cash because thats what they accept. My bank account shows the withdrawal of 5$ more than what the rent is they day i gave then the rent. The problem is, they give me these tiny receipts which ive taken to trowing away when it come time to pay the next rent. I did this because i thought it was more or less a formality due to them being private renters and they seemed trustworthy. They should have copies of all of the receipts as well. Yes- i am now aware of just how important it is that i keep them and i vow to never throw another one away. I threw this months receipt away during cleaning yesterday or the day before. I figure since im paying again in a week, ill have a little paper that shows there is no previous balance etc. 

ive never missed a payment as well. According to my landlord my next door neighbors, as well as apparently many other of their tenants do bot pay rent at all. And they claim to have been too nice to kick them out. (Even though they have plenty of reason to kick out my neighbors even if they did pay rent) 

The apartment that i live in is in disrepair and my landlords have not followed through on almost any promises to fix the things that are broken. But i dont have money to move since im a full time student. Since theyre old, ive brushed this off. I dont know if this is relevant at all. 

What can i do moving forward? Obviously if everything works out eep the receipts. They told me they’re gonna check their personal receipts (which idk why they didnt before calling me) and see if their carbon copy is there. If they say they dont have it, im going to ask if theyll call the grandson who collected the payment. I will also offer the things i stated above to support what im saying. 

If it comes down to it, should i just give them a second payment of rent this month and pray i make it until august when i start my campus job again?? Or should i do something else. 

I know i paid them."
"I have a product idea with a presentation and some sketches, what do I do next? So I'm 17 years old and I do not know how the world works. Sucks to be me, yeah. Basically I've got a product idea that doesn't seem to exist yet. I searched online and can't find anything like it really. I have made a simple powerpoint presentation and I have some sketches of how I imagined it to look, but I have absolutely no idea what to do next... I want to possibly sell the idea, and I know a few companies that sell products like that, but I don't know how to contact them, what to tell them nor what to show them.. What do I do?

Edit, got warned by mr.bot over here, but I am based in Europe"
"Live in a very small town, how to get around this...Plz read, need help before Dec.!!!! **EDIT**: I rewrote this whole thing, hoping it is more understandable

I live in VA...


In 2012 my son was taken by Social Services because my husband was arrested for assaulting me. SS claimed I was putting my son in danger by having in a home where I was being abused. I was charged with child abuse and neglect for staying with my husband. My husband was not the father to my 1st son, we met when I was pregnant. 

My husband and I had a  child together later on that same year. SS told me that if I left my husband I could have my 1st son back, and not worry about losing the baby I had just had. I stayed with my husband and was not allowed to have any contact with my 1st son that was taken and put in foster care. 

Earlier this year I left my abusive husband, almost 2 years after my 1st son was taken from me. My husband refused to let me see my son (the child we had together). I filed for custody, and the judge granted joint custody, and we would switch him back and forth. The judge ordered random drug screen for both of us. we would come back in 3 months.... 


3 months later in court...My husband failed 2 out of 4 drug tests. The 4th test came back ""too watered to be tested"" so they said it was automatically clean (WTF?) and the judge says ""We'll continue the visitations with the mother and discontinue social services and drug tests"". I tried to bring up my 1st son, how he was the reason my 1st son wasn't allowed to come home. How the son we have together came to my house for a visit with a hand print bruise on his leg....She wouldn't hear any of it. She said ""Toddlers have accidents"". She didn't even want to hear me tell her about the needles I have to clean up from the house every morning, before I could get my son out of his crib. 

I don't know who to talk to. I can't afford a lawyer, I don't even know where to start to get help for this prblem. 

WHAT DO I DO?!?!?!?!?!
"
"Pet requirements being made in the middle of the lease after previous dog passes away. Hi everyone,

Just a quick question and sorry if I wasted anyone time with this.

Long story short we had a 30lbs dog that passed away a few months into our lease. We were told when signing the paperwork that we would have no problem getting another animal as long as it was not a certain type of breed (shepherd, rott, pitbull) as we were aware our dog was getting old and were preparing in advance. 

The dog passed away and when we informed the the landlord that we would be getting another dog, he is now stating that we cannot get any dog that is over 30lbs. No where in my lease is there any weight limit for animals listed but they are adamant and will not budge.

Are they able to make this sort of requirement out of no-where?

I sincerely appreciate any advice on this."
"Cook County Illinois - statute of limitations confusion, please help [possible NSFW, I'm sorry moderators I don't know] I will start with a short backstory.  I'm not looking for pity or to get anyone in trouble. But the burden of this pain on my shoulders is getting too heavy to carry.

I'm sorry if my formatting turns into a brick wall. 


It starts around the age of 8 through 10 or 11 years old I was sexually abused.  I did not know I was being abused, I didn't know it was wrong, I was a child.  High school came around and I started learning about sex. I was very sports oriented throughout school so boys were never interested me. I never explored or learned much about human sexuality. When I was 15, I realized that what had happened when I was younger was wrong.

I don't know the laws, I'm not educated in law jargon and have trouble comprehending it. As a result of this abuse and realizing monsters are real.  I have deteriorated mentally and physically  for the past 16 years. 

As much reading as I could understand for cook county Illinois statute of limitations is 10 years after the victim's 18th birthday.  But it seems like all of the laws go in circles or are full of holes. 

I NEED to talk to someone to start the healing process. Should I wait until I'm 28 so the statute of limitations is up? Should I go to a lawyer or counsellor to talk?  Would a counsellor or lawyer have to report the abuse before I'm 28?  

I do not want a lawsuit to come from this. I want to move past it.  I came here to ask for help understanding how the statute of limitations is implemented in Illinois and advice of where my next step should be directed. 

Thank you everyone "
"I didn't get paid today, apparently our company doesn't have any money. Job security is questionable (MD) Not sure if this is the right place, but I'm gonna ask anyways. 

I didnt get paid today. This isnt the first time it happened, but it is the first time the owner said it is going to be middle to late next week before he can pay me.  It's only happened once or twice before, but we were paid on Saturday morning. Me and one other person are the only ones who didnt get paid. 

Apparently the owner spent all the money we had on himself and didnt care to check the cash flows going into the holiday season. We dont have much work lined up, the bank account is over drawn, he already owes money for the last periods pay roll that he has to pay back before he can pay us for this pay period. He is unable get a business loan at this time. 

What are my obligations I have to keep with this company? Can I collect unemployment because he cant pay me? I'm mainly concerned because I've only worked here for almost 3 months. I plan on sticking it out because (from what I've read) you must work at a company for 1 quarter (3 months) before you're elidgeable for unemployment in MD.  I'm less than 2 weeks away from that. I have a feeling the owner is going lay off a few other people soon based on a conversation I had with him today, and he did say my job is safe. 

How long is a reasonable amount of time to give the owner to be able to pay me in terms of acting in good faith?

If the company goes under, how do I get the money that is owed to me?  What if I get laid off and the owner doesn't have the money?

I am searching for employment elsewhere, but it's hard out there so I'm trying to figure out my options.

Thank you."
"[CA] California U.S.A. - Sibling dispute causing delays in liquidating estate property. [CA] California U.S.A.

* Deceased parents estate.
* 2nd parent passed almost 6 mos. ago.
* 5 siblings
* Basic will dividing the estate between the 5 siblings
* Due to the value of the estate it is not required to go through probate. ( Estate &lt; $150,000)

  Over the years there has been disputes with one or both of two of the siblings against our parents and/or other siblings. The issues have been pretty minor with the exception of a legal issue between one sibling and our parents business 25+years ago.  This has caused bad blood over the years that hasn't been much of an issue until now. 

  The real property of the estate, a home, is on the market, an offer received, accepted, and is in escrow. The Title company is requiring the heirs to sign to basically release the property. One of the siblings  has said they will not sign unless another sibling gets what they want. Sibling 2 wants a document that has not been found yet, if it even exists anymore, and a piece of furniture from the estate. Neither of these two siblings have been made aware yet that the furniture piece has a potential value between $5-$10,000. 

   The Title company has said that if someone refuses to sign that the estate would end up having to go to probate, The problems that this causes are the cost of going through probate coming out of the estate and the delay potentially causing the buyer to retract their offer on the property.

  My question is, is there anything we can do to convince or compel him to sign? Were not sure if the possible reduction in the amount inherited is enough leverage to counter the spite."
"Is my workplace trying to get me to quit b/c of medical issues? [chicago, IL] please help! Hello!

&amp;#x200B;

I could write a novel on this, but I will try to keeps things as concise and clear as possible, so as to best get my questions answered. Please free free to ask if more information is needed on anything!

\- I have been an assistant manager at a retail job for 10 months. While it has its quirks, I generally enjoy it and I do a good job there.

\-I had an injury to my eye this January and was out for 1.5 weeks but returned to work.

\-For the three months following that, I slowly fell increasingly ill to an underlying medical condition (I have a hunch that the injury set it off, but idk, and I am still in the fun process of being diagnosed). I pushed through a lot of the undesirable symptoms, but after too many ER visits and getting sent home from work constantly for illness, I approached my manager about making my hours temporarily part time until I could fulfill full time hours again. They agreed.

\-During this time, I supplied doctors notes, etc. and tried to be as communicative as possible about it. 

\- About two weeks after my shorter hours have begun, I am told by my manager on a Wednesday that I need to have documents from a doctor stating my medical needs by that Saturday, or I would have to start back full time immediately. 

\- I find a last minute appointment, but it conflicts with my Friday shift, so I get in communication with my manager about it. They blow up on me, say I shouldn't come in for any of my scheduled shifts, that I deserve to be fired, and that they better have the paperwork in their hand first thing in the morning. I am totally dazed by this outburst, but get them the paperwork that day and am told that they should have more info Monday.

\- I waited 1.5 weeks, but I hadn't heard from anyone until my co-worker texted to ask why I wasn't coming in for my ""scheduled shifts"". Although I was very hesitant about reaching out to my boss due to our last correspondence, I realized that I needed clarification and sent them an email asking for details about where I stand with the company. I didn't receive a reply.

\-2 days later, HR sent me an email saying they would like to chat on the phone. I reply trying to set up a time, but dont actually get to have a phone conversation with them until 3 weeks later. During these three weeks, I assumed I had been let go of due to their lack of communication and began to look for jobs suitable for my condition online (cause bills).

\-Today I spoke with HR. I'm pretty confused. They used a lot of technical jargon. They referred to the month I've been off work as my ""leave"" but no one had ever mentioned a medical leave to me before, and I let her know that I didn't request to take time off, just shorter hours. I felt like the way they spoke to me was designed to get the answers they wanted...its a weird thing to feel, but that's the best way to put it. At one point, they took something I said and twisted it into ""So, what you're saying is, you're resigning?""....I answered no to this because it didn't feel right. They then said I had to immediately fill out FMLA forms and that I may have to go back to work under my old manager as soon as 4 days from now (even though that makes me terribly uncomfortable now). I loved my job and if I hadn't gotten sick I would still work there, so I don't want my record to say I quit, as it's definitely not that simple.

&amp;#x200B;

My question is:...do you think my company is trying to get me to quit so they don't have to deal with a sick employee and all the accommodations/laws that surround it? I absolutely hate this feeling, but this has all snowballed to a level that I am unfamiliar with. All I know is that I feel like something about the situation is really....off. And if they are doing something sketchy, is it even worth pursuing? Is this a normal way for a company to act? or....ugh, idk haha. Help?"
"Does Michigan have anything similar to Day of Rest Law? I’m working a job at a place that is understaffed. 

In December I have been scheduled 20 days in a row with no day off. I also stay over usually 30 minutes each day, and do errands that are work related without being compensated for that, while using my own vehicle, so gas and putting miles on it. 

Not in a field that has any unions or working for a corporate entity."
"Dumb teen, dumb parking lot accident, help please. Dumb teen, dumb mistake, parking lot accident question. Help please!

While backing up my right side mirror hit the car next to me and partly fell off. I inspected the other car I hit and didn’t see any damage so I just left. 

But now I’m really starting to lose it, wondering what if there was damage. I do want to pay if there was any damage but, like I said, I didn’t see any so I left. I understand that was stupid because after doing some research, this would still be a “hit and run” which carries serious consequences.

This just happened a few hours ago and I plan on going to the mall tomorrow to ask if they have cameras in the parking lot that could have recorded the other persons plates. 

Is there any advice to make things right?

Occurred in VA."
"[SD] Question about SD laws on child support Recently got a paper for a mod for child support. I work a better job. So i know there will be an increase. But i have no idea if over time can be included in this. Seems how o.t is not guarenteed and voluntary if they allow it. Also have non guarenteed gain shares and safety bonus. 

Can they include these as they are not guarenteed? Because they will be going off of past pay stubs and the last w2?! I would hope and assume they cant. As my other 2 kids that do reside with me. We would barely be able to stay afloat. We live check to check right now as it is. 

Please and thanks"
My family, specially my son, got sick for being exposed to mold I know nothing and literally I dont even know what to ask for. I just want to see my son (3) to breath healthy. Not see blood all over his nose because of the cogestion. Not hear him snoring all night because he cant breath, or wake up every hour crying because he cant sleep. Or the worst of them all, give him a medicine for over two months that was not working making him go through it everyday without knowing that it was not gonna help. My wife and me are heartbroken seeing hour son like this and he don't understand anything thats going on. I really dont know how long is going to take my landlord to fix or clean the moldy wall and carpet. Literally he was just a few steps from the affected wall full of black mold. We didn't notice the leak untill my wife moved a plastic container that was right next to it. I just paid the rent and literally cant afford moving from this place right now. Please is there is anyone that can give me any advice my family will appreciate it.
Estranged father died, will I inherit his debts? (Michigan/NJ) My estranged father died in Michigan a few days ago. His partner has arranged his funeral. I have not had contact with him in 15 years and I believe I might be legal next of kin. I don't know his partner, if he had a will and I live in NJ. He didn't likely own any property or assets but more than likely has debt. My father has/had two living brothers that still reside in MI. Is it possible that I would inherit his debt?
"[Baltimore, MD] Urban Explorers Hello Legal Advice,
I hope hypothetical questions are allowed as I did not see anything about it in the rules. I like watching urban explorer videos such as Dan Bell's ""Dead Mall"" series on YouTube and I was wondering how someone with that much public awareness is able to get away with, what I think amounts to, video documented criminal trespassing which is then uploaded to the internet for hundreds of thousands of people to see?

I know in some of his videos he has had the cops called on him and is summarily escorted off the property and possibly ticketed, but I would have thought the liability issues that go along with someone exploring abandoned or condemned buildings (especially a repeat offender with a large YouTube following!) would be enough for local law enforcement to want to prevent a person from continuing to do so, if for no other reason than to stop a drain on resources. 

Don't get me wrong, I enjoy watching his content so I am happy he is able to continue doing what he does, I am just curious about the legal perspective. 

Thank you!

P.S. I used Baltimore for the location because I believe that is where my example is based and has done multiple videos."
PoA If I’m first PoA, is there a way to remove the next PoA if that person did something to indicate they wouldn’t be trustworthy, get convicted of fraud for example.
"Employer sends email to multiple furloughed employees This is definitely a minor post but I wasn’t sure of any other appropriate subs to post in. 

I work for a university in the athletic department - specifically in nutrition for a specific sport. The way most large universities work is that athletics is essentially its own entity. In my job, I have never dealt with a non-athletic staff member and very rarely deal with those outside of my specific sport. 

There was a huge round of furloughs about a month ago and then a much smaller round last week. I was part of the second round. I recurved an email from the university HR department (usually I deal with the athletics HR rep) that was clearly a form email and was sent to myself and 35 other employees. I googled a few of the names and none work in HR so it’s clear this mass email was sent to everyone being furloughed this week. 

I’m not sure exactly what I want to do, if anything but is this legal? Sharing my employment status via a mass email? Let me know if I’m just being over dramatic but it seems very unprofessional, at best, to share this information via mass email."
"Connecticut: What are the legal options for removing a person off a Housing lease that’s been issued a No Contact Order Here’s a fun one. I’ve been living with the worst person in history for the past 10 months. We are both on a one year lease ending March 31st 

They, to make a long story short, got physically violent 2 weeks ago and I had to call the police. They got arrested and got charged 4 things, the most serious being assault on an officer. 

The court issued a No Contact Order for my protection. So they (the roommate) are no longer allowed in the apartment now. The problem is, they are still on the lease, so I can’t find a new roommate, or get rid of all their stuff that’s still here. 

How do I (and my landlord, who’s completely stumped) proceed?  "
"Would like to discuss a suit against my doctorate program in Spokane, WA - what type of attorney? I'm about to graduate from a doctorate program and I've got some pretty significant concerns regarding how the program was taught, lots of credit-requirement rules that were bent, and even something as far as never receiving feedback for a particular class three semesters in a row. I've kept everything from each of the classes I've completed and I'm wondering how I go about finding an attorney to talk about with this. Would this be as simple as finding a civil attorney, or is there a more specific area I should be looking for? I realize this is a pretty tough case to make, which is why I'd like to find someone to sit down with to address my concerns.

Thanks for any help."
"Is it legal for a tattoo shop owner to forewarn other tattoo shop owners about customers who duck out on payment? Kentucky. We've got a customer trying to press charges on our shop for refusing to refund her deposit. It's posted all over the shop and in the paperwork. She bullied us into refunding her anyway claiming she could bring our business down. So we warned a fellow and friend artist about her refusal to follow shop rules and now she's claiming she can sue is for sharing personal info.

The only info we gave was her name."
(KS) is there a way to enforce a court ordered visitation plan    We were divorced in January, his parenting time is every Sunday. The first couple of months he followed but now he just sees them whenever he wants. The judge told us to set up our own holiday schedule and he didn’t help with it he said “We would play it by ear.” Is it possible to go back and edit or enforce the order? We finalized the case back in July .
"Myself and some Online Friends want to use rabb.it to watch movies together [Multiple States] The title explains it really. We're looking into using rabbit but are worried about the legality of it.  We have not not found any solid answers on whether or not watching a movie together via rabb.it is copyright infringement. We would not like to be banned from services like Netflix, Hulu, etc. because we all just wanted to enjoy watching a movie together. Is using this okay? Or do we all have to the ""3..2..1.. Play!"" thing?

For those who don't know what rabbit is: 
It mirrors whatever is playing on your chrome browser so that everyone can watch it together.  You can have up to 25 people in the room at the same time."
"Can My Divorce Be Amended?? I Have Proof Of Years Of Infidelity And The Hiding Of Marital Assets During The Divorce. Please Help- Any Advice Is Appreciated I [40F] was married for 10 years, together for a total of  15 years with no dependents to my now ex-husband [42M]. I recently have become privy to evidence of infidelity (that runs longer than I ever imagined), a criminal case I knew nothing of while we were together, and the hiding of assets upon being served my divorce complaint. 

In our 10 years of marriage I helped him while he built up two businesses that are successful to this day.  He cheated and bailed leaving me with a foreclosure on my credit from his bad financial decisions in 2011.  I did become weary of the lying and cheating and finally filed for divorce in April of 2017.  The divorce was final in April of 2018.  My attorney sent financial investigators and they cracked open his book of businesses to find, well, nothing.  I knew this was bullshit, but there was no proof.  I had trusted him too long and didn’t do my due diligence to protect myself.  

Recently, while the state-mandated shutdown had me at home I found an old phone in a box while organizing my house.  This was a phone he’d passed to me when he upgraded and for some unknown reason it restored when I charged it and all his messages, emails, website history ect was in it.  The information in the phone proves the infidelity part. 

The real estate part was tricky, but I do have evidence of where he quickly moved the property he purchased in 2016 before we even discussed divorce AFTER I filed for divorce.  There were several quit-claim deeds and eventually ended up being held by a real estate company so it appeared he rented the property.  He did and does not rent it from anyone, he owns it.  All he said after I was 100% done and ready to file was that he didn’t “want me to take half of his businesses” and that “divorce is expensive because it’s worth it.” 

So, my question is: Is there anything I can do to appeal or amend this divorce ???  I am in the state of Georgia if that matters."
"Help with getting exception charge expunged Hi legal advice! I need some advice with how to go about getting a charge expunged that is listed under the exception for expungnent in my state (vermont) 

Here is background. I got several charges in (2001/2002) when I was 20 years old. I'm 36 currently. Not that it matters, but the charges stemmed from being in an abusive relationship and I was fighting back. Anyway I was also a mouthy and stupid kid and was not very respectful to the cops, which I think contributed to so many charges. Many were dropped. The charges are simple assault, domestic assault and disorderly conduct. The domestic assault was actually deferred and would have been dropped I didn't get in trouble for a year, but I got caught drinking (like I said, stupid kid) , so it was applied.

I haven't gotten in any trouble since. Gotten an advanced degree and work in human services. The trouble comes with applying to any job in my field they do background checks and I've lost multiple opportunities because of the charges. In Vermont I says you can apply for expungment of any misdemeanor charge if you haven't gotten any other charges for 10 years. They are all misdemeanors and it's been well over 10 years, but domestic assault is listed under the exception that rule.

Any advice? Should I just apply and hope they make an exception to the exception (would they even do that?)? Any other ideas for how to go about getting it off my record? I don't actually disagree with that exception when it applies to actual domestic assault, but I do believe that I am not the person/situation it was meant for.  Thank you in advance for any ideas or insight. "
"Landlord with the empty promises, nowhere else to turn Hi /r/legaladvice 

I'm in a very sticky situation right now. (US, NY)

I signed a two bedroom lease as of this June, and was promised that this apartment would be done by August 1st. By August 13, it was still not done. The part here which sucks is that there was a clause in the lease that said the landlord is not obligated to have the place ready by the move in date. (Aug 1) 

Moving forward, we had to move in. I have no other place to stay. 

We move in, and the place is a mess. All the windows are covered in construction dust, as well as every surface in the apartment. 

What's missing is mailboxes, closets, and dressers. I have not been able to even unpack as of yet. 

I don't know what else I can do. When I speak to my landlord, he continues to say, "" it's coming, it's in progress"". 

Is there anything I can do? I feel as if I shouldn't be paying this month's rent( since the apartment wasn't done until the 22nd, I only need to pay for the rest of August.)"
"California: I broke my apartment lease, paid lease breaking fee, am ""financially response for 2 more months of rent"", and LL wants to renovated on my dime. Hi Reddit, 

Looking for some legal advice, I signed a 12 month lease for an apartment back in October. I bought a house and closed this month. During the closing, I let the apartment complex know that I was breaking the lease and there is a lease break clause in the lease. It says that I have to pay $3700 (2x monthly rent) for a non refundable lease break fee and then I am on the hook for an additional $1845 a month for 2 more months after giving my 60 day notice(Mar 4th). They told me that they would rent the apartment out ASAP to help me avoid paying the $1845 for the next two months. 

However, when I turned my keys in last Thursday, Jan 22nd, they told me they intended to renovated my apartment and it would not be available for someone to rent until Feb 14th...but they would try and pre-rent it out at a higher rent price of $1980.

From what I have been researching this is completely negating CA's law that the LL must try to mitigate damages... Hopefully you guys can help me out.

Thank you!!"
"Can I get into legal trouble for searching for information about a murder? I live in Montana. My father was recently found stabbed to death, and no arrests have been made. I'm not an investigator by any means, but I feel like there are things I know, or am thinking to check that the local police aren't. It's a very small town, and I'm well aware I should let the professionals do their job. I'm wondering if there is any legal trouble I could potentially get in for asking neighbors, or asking nearby businesses if I can have them check security camera footage. I've also considered the more reasonable approach of going to the police station, and asking for the number of the officer who has been working on the case (not sure their name) to call them and ask if they've considered checking these things out. We in the family have a strong suspicion who it was, and the police have questioned this person. There was apparently some things lied about, and that couldnt be true, but not enough to make an arrest. I know I should let the police do their job, but I've always had a small desire to become some sort of detective, and I have read and researched about how crimes get solved. More than anything though I need the closure to know with certainty who took away my dad. Thanks for the long read. 

TL:DR
Can I get into trouble for asking neighbors or businesses if they've seen or heard anything regarding a murder?"
"My niece and sister desperately need your advice! The paternal grandparents have been threatening them with lawsuits. I have seen the reddit community help so many people and hope that you can offer some support to my sister and her family. 
A little background on them: My sister was married to a guy, whom i will refer to as David, for almost eight years in the state of Delaware. Seven years ago, shortly after my niece was born, David started talking to a girl in Europe, and eventually my sister and David went through a moderately ugly Divorce. Everybody, including David's parents and my sister were trying to make the marriage work. This was my sister's first child, and she was obviously scared of raising my niece on her own. Anyhow, David ended up marrying the girl he met on the internet and moved to Europe. My sister got 100% full legal custody of my niece as David really did not want anything to do with the baby. I believe the court granted him visitation rights. David's parents, who are millionaires, decided to pay $300 each month to my sister, who ended up losing her house and having her credit ruined.

 My sister, along with the help and support of my parents and family moved on and ended up marrying a wonderful guy five years ago. Through out this time, my sister kept a very good relationship with David's parents, who have visited my niece and have had her for sleepovers. 

Recently, however, my smart niece started questioning why she had a different last name than her sibling and parents. So, my sister explained the situation to her and how her father left when she was a baby. Furthermore, my sister filed a name change in court and changed my niece's last name (David's last name) to match her existing family name to make my niece more comfortable and avoid confusion. This infuriated David's parents, who have been threatening my sister with lawsuits to change back the name. 

Additionally, my sister and her family are tired of the cold weather and the general lack of anything to do in Delaware and want to move to Florida to enjoy the warmth and all the family activities it has to offer. Ever since David's parents have taken the nasty route, my sister is scared that she cannot move out of Delaware because they will file a lawsuit that would force her to stay there so they could visit my niece and have her spend more time at their home. Is this a legitimate concern that my sister is having? My sister also just mentioned to me that she is being forced to reverse the name change for my niece because she is scared she would lose in court because of the $300 monthly contribution that David's parents have been making. I told her I would financially help her with any lawsuits that are brought against her, but promised her to ask this community for advice first. We would really appreciate your input.

Edit 1:  changed to paragraphs
-also my sister stopped taking the $300 contribution recently,  in light of what's happening,  and has no interest in it.
Edit 2: My sister has made an appointment with a lawyer for legal advice.
"
"Landlord demanding that I, alone, ensure entire house is SPOTLESS when lease ends.. Even with 2 other tenants still in contract.. PENNSYLVANIA TENANT!

So my lease ends the end of December. No problem, I have somewhere else lined up. Landlord let me know that I am responsible to clean THE ENTIRE HOUSE, and I quote ""leaving tenant must clean the carpets with a professional carpet cleaner in the entire house, wash all walls, ensure the bathroom is spotless... etc etc"". This was all from the note he gave me. I looked at the contract and I see nothing about this, besides that the house must be broom cleaned upon departure. I'm not going to hire a professional carpet cleaner to clean the entire house when neither roommates are required to help with this expense...

Does this mean anything different if theres 2 other roommates still living there that will not help me with this cleaning? 
What if they purposefully don't clean up after themselves for the next month and a half until I leave, just so I have to clean up THEIR filth and not receive my security deposit??

Any advice??"
"Is it legal for an independent service provider to present him or herself as a small business? Basically, I'm a university student (in Australia) who is currently doing some private tutoring for a number of students, however, I would like to increase the number of students I currently teach, without having to go too far afield (in terms of distance from my residence). 

In my experience, one of the main things people look for when trying to find a tutor is legitimacy, and as a result, many people pass over individual ads, and instead call businesses who have their own websites etc. 

This got me thinking - if I were to create myself a website, give my service a proper name, and so forth, I would likely get far more interest from prospective students. This would allow me to be more selective in terms of who I choose to tutor (in essence I could choose to only tutor students in my immediate area). However, I don't really have the cash, time, or the business nous to go through all the steps that are required to register as an official business. To add to that, I have no guarantee that such a venture will be in any way productive or successful. 

So my question is: is it legal to front as a proper business (with a business name, website, logo, etc.) in order to give the impression to prospective clients that they are not simply dealing with a single independent tutor, but instead with a small business who hires multiple tutors? Obviously I don't intend on skirting around any tax laws or anything like that (I don't expect I'll even approach the revenue required to be taxed). 

There are obviously a few things I will have to think through in terms of the logistics, but I just wanted to make sure it would be a legal venture before I sink any real time into it. 

Thanks!"
"Charged with no proof Hey y’all! Quick question for you guys, so I am a renter. I live in an apartment and I was just served a ‘notice of lease violation’ for not picking up my dogs defecation as they put it and they want to charge me $100 for it. However, that makes no sense considering they provide poop bags and I pick up after him every time. I went into the leasing office to ask about it and was told that I will need to speak to the head manager whom is out until next week. The guy I spoke to stated that they usually don’t give those unless someone has seen it come out of your dog. In the meantime, I was wondering if they can charge me for that based on say, just another resident saying something to them without any proof? 
I just want to make sure me fighting this is going to be worth my time."
"How do you have a final court hearing when you never had any before? My Fiancée filed for custody of his D(9) in February before all the COVID restrictions hit here in Texas. We hadn’t heard anything until his ex was served,(because she flipped out) and then it was radio silence for a few months. Yesterday he got an email from his lawyer with a form that said he had a scheduled final hearing in about a month and a half or so. I’ve been trying to help him out with his evidence and such for the case but how do you have a final hearing when you hadn’t had any to begin with?

I’m not very informed on Family Court, so  any help would make me feel at easy."
Needing help with a psycho roommate Back in the beginning of December I responded to an add on Facebook about a room for rent. I ended up renting the room and everything was going well up until about a week ago. All of December my roommate was gone and I later found out it was because he was serving time in jail so I pretty much had the place to myself for a month. When he got back everything was going okay until one night he came home drunk and started screaming at me because I had a candle lit. Keep in mind this guy I’m assuming has OCD and is a bit of a neat freak. So at 3 in the morning he was screaming curse words and profanities at me. We had already butted heads a bit because he drinks quite a bit and has admitted to eating my groceries and going into my room when I’m not home. I finally had enough and notified him last week that I was moving out. He has made my life hell since then, constant texts putting me down, shaming me, etc. well today I get a text saying that I owe him around $300 and if I don’t pay him before I move out he will be filing a police report. I also found out he took a copy of my drivers license without my permission or knowledge and he has it hidden somewhere. I don’t know what my rights are but I am not on the lease, I did not sign an agreement nor have I ever spoken to the landlord. No one knows I am living here but him and my family. Can he report me if he can’t prove I even lived here even if he has my ID?
Will the state go after my child’s father for child support since she receives government benefits? We live in Texas. We’ve never been married and he is on the birth certificate. My daughter is on Medicaid and receives disability SSI. We have no custody or child support agreements and I didn’t plan on filing any. Will the state eventually take him for child support?
"What does “collaboration” really mean? Lets take for instance a musical artist is “collaborating” with other artist and making an collab album. Can both artists consider that the album belongs to themselves? Or it souly belongs to the group?

Im planning to make album with someone."
"I am a possibly-at-fault passenger in an uninsured fender bender I was recently in a minor car accident in a parking lot - I was a passenger in a vehicle, and as I was opening my car door, a car pulled into the adjacent parking spot and my door scraped the other car. The other car has visible cosmetic damage, while the car I was in is totally fine.

The tricky part- the vehicle is not insured in any way. I'm on a college campus, and the vehicle is owned by the department apparently without insurance, according to the administrators we talked to. They said that when you drive the car, you assume all liability. Neither the driver nor myself own cars, so neither of us have car insurance.

So my questions -  first of all, how would blame be assigned in a case like this? I think it was the other driver's fault (i.e. she drove into my opening door) while she thinks it was my fault (i.e. I opened my door into the side of her car). Since the drivers knew each other there were no police called to take statements, and they both agreed they would discuss it later.

Second, is there a situation where I personally would have to pay for damages? How can I avoid this? What is the most likely outcome of this situation? As the passenger, I had NO IDEA that the car was totally uninsured. I didn't even know it wasn't the driver's personal car. 

The car accident happened in California, but I live in New York (if that makes any difference). Thanks!"
"My father walked away from my life. I’m a 16 year old who was gifted a nice kayak from him a few years ago. He won’t give it to me, along with any of my possessions. Title says it all. I just don’t know what to do, I don’t even care about anything but the kayak. It has personal signatures on the side as well
We live in Massachusetts "
"Right to Leave as an Additional Occupant Hi everyone,

I will try to keep this short. I was amended to a lease as an Additional Occupant a year back with the lease ending up on October 1st. 

The Tenant has shown me an adequately cleaned up state of the house before I was added and told me the house was quiet for good at-home work conditions. For the last 6 months the house is getting unbearably dirty (I have date-stamped photos) and noisy.  I have given verbal and textual warnings but there have been no change.

Questions:

* Can I leave the apartment without/with giving an early notice? If so, how early should it be?
* If the situations stays the same, can I leave if I reach a mutual agreement with the Tenant on the lease? 

&amp;#x200B;

Here are parts from the amendment that I think are important (feel free to ask for other information that is needed):

* \`Nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to constitute the Additional Occupant as a Tenant under the Lease\`
* 'The Additional Occupant understands and agrees that he or she is not the legal tenant of the Apartment and that he or she is not required to be named in or made a party to any legal proceedings between the Landlord and the Tenant.\`

Thank you very much in advance!"
"Bicycle inquiry Hey,

I am a student in Cambridge, UK. Outside my college there is a newly built block of flats which has a number of conveniently placed bike locking stations outside the building - convenient for locking up directly outside the college. However, yesterday they put up signs saying that any bikes that do not belong to residents of the building will be locked/removed. I decided to lock my bike up there today anyway as I was late, and I returned two hours later to find bolt-cutter marks in my lock, meaning that I am concerned about using it again. One of my friends asked the person locking up the bikes if they had approval from the local council, and it turns out they do not.

I was wondering if it is illegal to take matters like this into their hands without consent from the council, and if so, would I be able to claim compensation for the damage done to my lock? If what they are doing is actually illegal, some advice/evidence would be really appreciated.

Thanks!

edit: not sure if traffic and parking is the correct flair for this, but it seemed to be the most relevant. apologies if it is not."
"Termination of Tenancy ends lease halfway through month. No communication regarding what rent is owed, if any for half month. Michigan On February 14 I was given a termination of tenancy notice from my landlord that stated we had to be out by March 16. Our month-to-month lease though, runs from the first to the first of the month. Today I found a letter taped to my door from my landlord stating that I am late for this months rent. Since our prior lease was written for a full months term I assumed that it didn't apply to the partial month and that either a smaller term contract with pro-rated costs would apply or we wouldn't pay anything due to her choice of termination. I don't know if I actually legally owe anything or not. 
Can the tenancy be cancelled in the middle of a month? Also, is posting the notice to the door acceptable in Michigan?
Thanks for any and all help."
"MN, USA Police called after receiving complaint on driving Today I was driving behind someone going 40 in a 55. We were both turning left at a stoplight and immediately after turning I passed because soon the road would be filled with left turn lanes. After turning the person behind me was tailgating me all the way to my destination and circled my car in the parking lot until I came back out and left. I just got a call from the police department about a complaint on my driving. I said I was very busy working on a car that had to be on the road in 30 minutes and was told I had to tell her about the incident. I told the story above real quick and then was asked for my name and address. Then I was told its being forwarded somewhere and that I'll probably receive a citation because you cannot pass right after an intersection.

Will I likely get a ticket? If I get one do I stand a chance of fighting it after I admitted to it? Also did I have to talk to officers about it? after I hung up I cursed myself for talking."
"Landlord says we need to pay money for pets, months after signing lease agreement I got an email today from the landlord stating we need to pay $250 per pet + $25 per pet per month. This was never said when we signed the lease, and the only reason I know about this now is because they sent us an email, nearly half a year later.

We haven’t moved into the apartment yet, and won’t for another 2 months, is there any way to back out of this lease?"
"(Indiana) Need advice re: rental security deposit I called the landlord of my last rental home regarding the security deposit. It's well past the 45 days allotted for the return of the deposit and I hadn't heard anything. The landlord informed me that since my roommate was the person at the move-out inspection, he cut the check to that roommate. 

The roommate never mentioned getting the security deposit back. He turned out to be a shady person anyways. I'm not sure how to go about getting my share of the remaining deposit if/when I contact the roommate and he refuses to give me my share. 

"
Ohio Employee Rights? Okay so I work at a cookie shop in small town Ohio. I have a previous old wrist injury and the baking here has made that flare up. It also has given one girl, at the age of 20, carpal tunnel. To handle the pain and keep working I wanted to use a wrist brace of some sort, it wont come in contact with food and I could do my job better and quicker and not have a swollen wrist at the end of the day. As easy as that fix sounds, we are not allowed to wear a wrist brace. No one has told me why, only that the owners dont allow it. Is this legal? Do I need to have my doctor write something about my wrist and wearing a brace? I feel like a simple fix for my own health and safety (and lessening their risk of dealing with workers comp wrist damage) would not be a problem but I want to fight this if I can. If not I'm going to need to find a job where this wont get worse.
"Co-tenant and Landlord Conspiracy I can prove that my landlord and co-tenant conspired to have me removed from our residence.  The landlord terminated our 3 year lease and stated that we both need to vacate within 30 days.  The termination document stated we were not keeping up the property and domestic issues (both are false).  And then signed a new lease with the co-tenant.  Is this a breach of contract and/or criminal?

Thank you for your thoughts.
Sahara in Maryland
"
"Unpaid Meal Break I live in Minnesota. I just received an announcement from my employer that we are being move to hourly from salary. Not a huge deal, this should work in my favor from overtime. They require an unpaid Meal break following state and federal laws.

My question as an employee: is there a ""window of time"" I have to take this break. I normally don't take breaks, and prefer to power through and work a shorter day, so am I able to take my break after my full shift? or is there some law saying I need to take it in the middle of my shift?"
"New Indiana Small Business Looking for Answers about Contracts and Agreements Good Monday morning r/legaladvice,

I've got a boring and unexciting couple of questions that I hope I can get some information or pointers on.

My girlfriend just graduated with her doctorate in occupational therapy and as part of her capstone project developed a business whose goal is to develop and sell adaptive swim curriculum to aquatic facilities and provide training to the instructors who would be using the curriculum.

The problem that she has run in to is that she doesn't know what kind of contract or agreement she needs in order to a) sell the curriculum with the idea that it is licensed for a single year, b) ensure that the curriculum is used only by the facility that has licensed it, and c) stipulate the terms in which she provides training's in regards to the curriculum (either as part of the sale or independent of the sale).

She enlisted me to help her try to find some information, but I'm no law expert. We found templates on a few sites that are asking for payment to edit and download them, but the verbiage may as well be Swahili to us for as much as we understand.

She currently has one facility interested in the curriculum and training's and will potentially be looking to purchase this summer.

Any help or directions would be greatly appreciated!"
Parental rights in Wisconsin A person in my family had a child with a woman. He is acknowledged by them both as the father, but he is not on the birth certificate. The reason is that she is married, though she has lived apart from her husband for a few years. (Yes, he is stupid. Loving, but stupid.) Is there any way my family member can have his name placed on the certificate? He loves the child and would like everything to be legal. Neither he or the mother have any money, but I would be willing to spend a few thousand to help, but only if there is a good chance of it happening. Would he have a chance, and would $2000-3000 be enough?
"My landlord is threatening to just move my stuff out at the end of my lease since I'm stuck in another state. Can he do that or would he need to evict me first? Or would my property just be considered abandoned? My lease on my apartment in Boston ends on May 31. Originally I was planning on moving out by then, but due to COVID-19, I'm stuck in NYC. I'm high-risk and have been advised to isolate, so I basically got stuck here when I came to visit my fiancee months ago. After some negotiations, my landlord offered to pay for my move because he wants to give my unit to his son ASAP, but now he's only offering to pay for part of it. I'm trying to have him stick to the agreement we made, but it's only a couple of hundred bucks, so I'm debating on just taking it as-is or going all in and have it go through the courts. If we can't come to an agreement, what recourses does he have?

I figured I'm the one with the upper hand, as I could easily just become a holdover tenant, and then it would take him months to evict me. Especially with everything going on in housing courts now due to COVID-19 and the protections that Massachusetts has for tenants. But since I am in NYC currently, would I actually have to be residing in the property to be considered a holdover tenant? Can I simply send him an email stating that I intend to continue residing there?

He has been threatening (via text messages) that he'll hire a moving crew to come in and take all my stuff and put it in a storage unit in my name in Boston. Can he legally do that without having to evict me first? Would my property be considered abandoned come June 1st? If so, what sort of notice would he need to serve me to have it moved out? 

And if I was to go the route of an eviction process, what could I possibly owe in a couple of months, considering my lease would have been up?"
"Boss was trying to make me forge information. I am outside of the US, in the Caribbean. Recently, the company I work for had some merchandise stolen. 

The problem is, my boss wanted me to go back in the system and erase all the old information and raise the cost about $70,000 higher than it actually is. He forwarded me an email with a list of what the insurance company wanted. He then told me face to face to go back and change the price. I replied in the email instead of face to face so I would have proof that I refused. I said that I don't feel comfortable being involved and I would not do it, and I hope he understood. He did not reply by email, but by text and it said ""You don't need to reply by email. Its fine I will do it myself. Next time call me instead. 

I feel very nervous because I work in the office and have access to change the information. If the insurance company catches him committing insurance fraud, I don't want to get caught up in it. I just feel very uncomfortable about the whole thing. Am I at risk here? Any advice appreciated. 
"
"Roommates “forged my signature” to renew lease without my consent California



Hello, my roommates “signed” a electronic document pretending to be me to renew a lease for an apartment I have not lived in over 5 months because they couldn’t afford to live there without my name on it. 

I had requested for them to take me off the lease and had sent them the email to do so on Feb 2nd. That was our agreement. However, when I didn’t receive the email, i logged into my account for the apartment complex which has information about my lease and the email was changed. I assume they took my name off without me signing. I went down to the leasing office to see what happened and it turns out my former roommates  created a fake email in which they “signed” for me to be put on the lease. 

I showed the leasing office my ID and correct email and they said that the document didn’t require an actual signature, only a few security question in which they knew the answers to because they illegally took my information!! 

I do not want to be on this lease at all! These roommates do a ton of illegal things in that apartment and I do not want my name on there if and when they get evicted.  


What steps do I go from here? Thank you! 
"
"Roommate wants to get out of lease, but promises to pay 200$ so I can afford to live here My roommate is planning on breaking our two year lease (we're three months in) to move into a cult. I told her that even if my boyfriend moved in, this house is too big and we wouldnt be able to afford it. She says that she would be willing to go to our university's legal services so we could draft up an agreement that says she would pay 200$ a month so we can afford to stay here. (My boyfriend and I are both poor and pay 300$ a month for rent, the house i live in is 800$ a month where my roommate pays 500)

My question is: if she gets taken off the lease and signs a contract to pay 200$ a month, would that hold up in court if she stops payment? 

I've been thinking about keeping her on the lease, but i dont want her to have keys once she lives with those people. So taking her off the lease seems like the only option besides telling her, ""No, youre stuck here for 2 years"". We've had that conversation already and she knows that if my boyfriend doesnt sublease then she'll pay 500$ a month regardless of where she ""lives"". As of now i havent seen her for a week but she still pays her half of the bills."
Am I going to lose my job? (Wisconsin) I work at a vape shop in Wisconsin and am only 20 years old. What's going to happen to me when the age increases on nicotine products goes into effect? I have already been turned away from other local vape shops when trying to buy vape juice. My work has not told me anything yet as to what is going to happen to me. Is there going to be a grandfather clause like with alcohol sales? Any help would be appreciated.
"Employer withheld but did not pay unemployment insurance, possibly other taxes and has not provided a w2 I worked full time at a small business from Feb-August 2019. In June of that year my employer had cash flow problems and there were 3 separate 2 week periods where we were not paid on time. Ultimately I did get paid and I quit after it seemed clear that she wasn’t getting any more responsible. 

During the time I worked for her I was paid in personal checks or cash a number of times and received pay stubs that had a breakdown of taxes withheld. I regret not questioning and pushing the situation more at the time but my boss was emotionally manipulative and it was a caring position so I was overworked and exhausted. 

I heard from former coworkers that the situation had improved a lot and that there had been no more pay gaps so, not very smart, I started working for her again part time in late Feb of this year until the pandemic started. I haven’t been into work since then. 

I applied for unemployment for my 2nd part time job (unrelated to the employer in question) and discovered that ESD had no record of my hours and wages from the employer in question, therefore I was entitled to very little compensation as my 2019 income outside of that job was very low. 

She has told me many times that she will provide my W2 and I have kept asking. I’ve asked her for an explanation about unemployment taxes and she hasn’t responded. I’m still hoping that there’s some other explanation and that I won’t have to go through with some remedy but that’s looking less likely. 

I’m looking for guidance about how to proceed with this and what the outcome may look like. Thanks for your time and whatever help you may be able to offer!"
My 2 sisters mom is an asshole and I don’t want them with her. I’m 16, about to be 17. I have a full brother who just turned 16. We have 2 little sisters who are 9 and 7. They have the same dad as us but a complete piece of shit mom. We live with our mom and visit our dad whenever we feel like it, but thank god my dad didn’t marry that stupid bitch. My sisters are (obviously) at a tender age and their mom is causing them to develop mental issues they don’t need and putting them in danger (my dad is NOT a perfect parent by any means either, but SO much better than her). She’s smoked weed while driving them in the car and burnt my sister with her joint, TWICE in one trip. She has to force them around a new boyfriend once every fucking month and brings her stupid friends and drunks all over their life. One of her friends stooped so low to spit in my 9 year sisters face while making fun of her, and their own mom LAUGHED as my sister cried. Makes my blood boil. And what’s the most messed up about it to me is that my sisters are too young to realize how fucked up this is. Their at that age where they “love their mommy” sooooo much and can’t see what a piece of human shit she is. My dads thought about trying to get to complete custody but doesn’t really do anything and I don’t want them with her. What can I do or suggest to my dad? I want this to fucking stop it’s worse than I can even describe and the last thing I want my sisters to end up like her (they already got her looks and I feel bad enough for them with just that)
"Started divorce process on dec. 6th lawyer didn’t file until today!! NY After I had to have my wife arrested for assault and get an order of protection for my 2 kids and I, I filed for divorce the very next day. About mmm 2 weeks after I had called my lawyer cause I was informed my wife would be filing or had filed as well🙄even though she already knew I filed. So I called to ask if that would have any impact and he replied “well l, it wouldn’t really matter anyways cause we filed first. The documents will all show we filed on the 6th”. Since then things have gotten even worse. And I was pretty sure she was going to try and file for
Full custody of The kids, today! Now I’m not sure if it would even matter in the long run who filed first. But it has mentioned to me a few times that I should. I quickly called my lawyer and left a message. About 6-8 hours later he called me back and said “oh well I haven’t even filed it yet I’ve been waiting to find out about this 1 particular clause in your original separation agreement first.” (SIDENOTE: I have the only 2 copies of that agreement in my possession. It was notarized never filed with the courts though. She was already violating it the day we signed it in-front of a notary by having an affair which I found out about 2 days later.). I really didn’t know what to say but I told him I wanted to switch from joint custody to me having full custody and to FILE IT TODAY!! Is there anything I should do? Should I fire him? Will not have an impact?? I’ve never done this before. Any advice is appreciated!"
"[Georgia] Turning across traffic and got hit, need some advice. I was recently in a wreck where I was making a left hand turn at a green light. I know that means I didn't not have the right of way but I feel like this really wasn't my fault...

The other driver was speeding, and sped up even more because the light had just turned yellow. She clipped my back left panel, behind the tire and knocked my bumper off. The speed limit on the road was 45 but she hit me with enough force to push out the metal around my gas tank on the other side of my car. 

Another detail that I do not know if  it is important or not is; there was a school bus turning right onto the road I was turning on. Knowing that big vehicles have to make wide turns I compensated by slowing down and making a tighter turn.

I guess my question is, should I fight this? And if not should I plead Nolo Contendere?"
"I have students from my previous school trying to contact me. Am I allowed to respond and/or write to them? I worked in a school in New York, NY and I abruptly left in the middle of the school year because of teaching method differences with administration and the lack of support and communication with the school as well. Honestly the place was a shitshow with an incompetent principal. 

Anyways, I’ve recently been spammed by previous students and they literally found every single account I have (including my Linkedin). Would it be okay for me to write a small letter for each class I had? Nothing super personal but just an update and a “I miss you too” kind of thing? They’re really looking into all of my stuff and it’s getting really inappropriate at this point. I don’t want to get tied into something that will affect my future positions as a teacher.

Any advice? Also I can’t get in contact with that principal because we pretty much burned the bridge as I left."
"[US/CA] Landlord's agent entering room without notice I'm renting a room in a house. The rent money goes to the Owner of the house, but the Other Guy who lives here wrote the lease agreement, takes care of maintenance, enforces order etc.

I received an email from Other Guy today with a list of items he wants me to correct, including having a messy room and my replacing the lightbulb in my desk lamp, which he orally requested that I put through him instead of doing myself. (I come home to find he's removed and taken my CFC lightbulb and installed an incandescent one.)

Regardless, the email indicates that he's been going through my room while I'm out. I had no idea until now. I believe he's been doing it for as long as I've been here (one year), but there's insufficient evidence of the time period in the email.

As I understand it, the landlord can only enter my unit in case of emergency *or* with reasonable notice (and only under certain circumstances). I'm not sure if Owner is currently aware that Other Guy had been entering my room, but he will most likely after I read the responses here. What should I do? To what extent are the two of them responsible?"
"Unique situation regarding school suspension off of text messages Hi everybody.

I believe I have a fairly unique situation at my school. One thing to note is that I go to private boarding school in Massachusetts, so they are not required to follow the rules of the public school system. 

My friend ""Nick"" was given a school-issued iPad for a math class, and he logged into his iCloud account on it, as it was the first time it booted up and it asked for it. This allowed for his messages to come through to the iPad and make a small notification sound each time. The math teacher brought it to the IT department because the sounds were annoying her, not because she had suspicion of what the messages might be saying. The IT department found the messages and reported them to the deans office because they contained incriminating pictures and texts that were against the school rules. All in all they suspended four students for 4 days to 2 weeks.

They suspended the students who sent the messages and the student who owned the iCloud account and participated in the communication. If the IT department did not find the messages the students would not have admitted to the allegations, and there most likely would have been no suspicion as all the students had clean records.

In 2012 two students were talking bad about a teacher and made several crude jokes and sent texts that would have been against the school's policies but because the teacher searched the phone and found the texts randomly they were not allowed to give any punishment.

I was reading [this](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/08/opinion/an-illegal-cellphone-search.html?_r=0) article about a student who went through a similar situation and he ended up successful in court, was it allowed for the school to search the texts and persecute us because of it? We are all about halfway through our suspension(s) now but for the sake of argument, was this ok?


Thanks,
-W"
"All beneficiaries agree trustee does not Grandson and granddaughter are 50/50 beneficiaries of a family trust set up by grandparents that have passed away. Mom is the trustee. The trust pays out any income and gains and dissolves completely in 2025. The trust also authorizes the trustee to pay out in cases of ""need such as education or medical expenses"". Otherwise the trust says it is intended ""for retirement"".

Grandson needs help scraping together a downpayment on a home. He has enough, but not quite. A bit more would cancel PMI, get a better rate, so on. Granddaughter on board and is fine with a 50/50 split payout of whatever Grandson needs. Mom the trustee deliberated for about 0.00005 seconds and declared that it was not within the terms of the trust and shall not be.

Grandson and Granddaughter feel that is kind of a dick move, but whatever. Neither feel strongly enough about this to make it a legal issue. Oh great matriarch hath spoken and shalt be obeyed. Put another way, it is what it is.

Mom now states that she could not authorize the payout anyway as it would put her in legal risk for having done so, as trustee.

How open to interpretation are the trust terms? My read is that help with a downpayment would be well within the spirit of ""need"". Clearly the Matriarch feels otherwise.

Isn't it basically the call of the involved parties?

Let's say there was a decision made where the trustee and all beneficiaries agreed, could a 3rd party ever sue the trustee over this?

How far does it go? If all three parties agreed that the 2025 date was when sky-net would attack and wanted to dissolve it now, what is to stop them?

Edit: Located in MI, USA

Thank you."
"MI Court says 9 year old parking ticket is suddenly unpaid I'll try to outline this as thorough as possible, sorry if it sounds petty...

I get a letter in the mail dated 1/16/2015 addressed to my house, which I've lived in since June (I had a permanent address for ~3 years prior for my apartment, and the 6 years until then I had my parents' address on everything, so I haven't been ""off the grid""). The letter was from ""Court Services Agency - Parking Enforcement Unit"" for 54B District Court in East Lansing, MI. It was regarding a parking ticket from 4/10/2006 that now carried a balance of $104. If left unpaid, ""the cost of this ticket may continue to increase and my Driver's License may be placed on hold and assess additional fees associated with that action"".

For the record, I'm 28, 2006 was just following my freshman year in college. I have no recollection of this ticket, nor do I remember registering my car to my dorm, which was the address the court was allegedly using to contact me.

After calling the number on the notice and leaving 4 voicemails, I hit up the 'contact us' button on their webpage and namedropped the collection agent noted on the letter. I got a call back from the agent who notified me that a default judgement was placed against me regarding the matter and the court attempted to send 5-6 notices to my address (my dorm at the time) through January 2007.

MI parking tickets carry a 6 year statute of limitations (as far as I can tell via google), however this ""judgement"" apparently bumped that out of the realm of ""following up on a ticket"" and into ""I didn't show up to court"", which apparently has a 10 year statute on it and I have no idea where that road ends, if it does. My window to dispute the judgement made against me was apparently 14 days from when it occurred, which I definitely didn't know was even happening until today.

Relevant codes and statutes I can find:
600.5813,
257.741 (parking ticket limitations)

MCL 257.732(16)[a] - Law says Secretary of State cannot suspend my license based on a parking ticket.

So...

TL:DR - I apparently got a ticket April '06, letters were sent to a dorm I didn't live in and never reached me, court said I defaulted in '07, court collection agency says I have to pay it in '15 or my license gets suspended. Wtf.
"
"60 Days Notice to Vacate (Florida) Hi everyone! A relatively simple case compared to everything else I see here, but I really appreciate any help.

Basically, my lease requires 60 days notice to vacate and my lease expires on July 22. That means I should have sent in my notice to vacate by May 22. However, I had sent multiple emails to the property manager about possibly extending the deadline while I make a decision because COVID-19 has made me lose my job and some other monetary reasons. He refused to respond until after the deadline and now says I may have to rent monthly.

If I want to leave, what do I owe in terms of damages? The lease just says that if I don’t give 60 days notice, I’ll have to pay month-to-month. Thanks again and let me know if you need more info!"
"Denied LOA, forced to resign Hi all,

I'm not sure if there is anything I can actually do legally, which is why I'm posting here. I'm in Illinois.


Until recently, I worked at Whole Foods for 8 years in a leadership position. In March, I took an administrative leave from my position which meant I had 30 days to find a new position. At the time, I was planning on moving out of state but things fell through due to quarantine. 


My leave was extended due to the virus. Whole Foods had an extended call out policy during this time (but was not available when I first took my leave). 


I am 7 months pregnant and my doctor does not believe it is wise for me to return to work and expose myself to such a large amount of people. I asked for another type of leave, FMLA, sabbatical, anything. I was not asking to be paid, only to keep my position in the company so I can keep my insurance until it is safe to return. 


Last week, I spoke with my HR rep. I was denied all types of leaves, being told that being pregnant was not deemed high enough risk. I was then left with the option to either quit or come back to work May 17th when the extended call out policy ends.  I did quit, stating the reason being my health.


I was officially separated Friday. However, on May 14th, pregnancy was added to the list of things covered under the new Covid-19 leave. I just found out about this today from a coworker but I find it hard to believe my HR rep was unaware. 

I am now out of a job and insurance because I was told I didn't qualify for a leave that I actually did qualify for. 

I did send an email asking why this was not presented to me as an option but I am expecting a standard ""tough luck"" email back. 

Is there anything I can do?"
"My mother and brother are living in a flooded apartment building. Landlord refuses to do anything about it. At what point is a building uninhabitable? My mother rents her apartment month-to-month. 

Just recently there has been heavy rainfall in Dryden, Ontario, and now my mother's apartment building's basement is flooded with sewage. She lives on the main floor, but the stench of the raw sewage from the basement is making her increasingly ill. She currently has pneumonia and her apartment is literally the only place she can go as of now. 

She is also currently on welfare and is with Ontario Works, they are not helping her at all, except for paying her rent.

She did not have renters insurance, and I do not think this would have mattered anyway, because none of her belongings were damaged. 

I just want to know what I can do for her now.

EDIT: She is also under disability, as she cannot work due to her chronic illness and her illiteracy.

EDIT: Removed claim about residential schools, not sure if her school was one, specifically. "
"(CA-SK) My mother got hurt on the job and her employer is making a case to fire her. What can we do? My mother hurt her back pretty badly at work about a month ago and has been on workman's comp since then.  She's finally healed enough to be able to sit long enough to drive and went into her work to discuss returning in a limited capacity.  This is where things got weird.

Her two bosses informed her that she has gotten a whole ""stack"" of complaints (which they never showed her, even when prompted to) and that they thought she was doing a really great job until they looked ""deeper"" into it.  They then informed her that she was a ""liability"" because she might get hurt again in the future and that she shouldn't bother crying because she ""did this to herself"".  They also said she doesn't have enough paper work for her clients, which made it hard for them.

Furthermore, the second they realized she'd need considerable time off, they have started harassing her via e-mail and text.  HR informed her they ""do not have time to deal with her"", they have constantly messed up paper work for workman's comp, one of her bosses told her to ""suck it up and get back to work"" and various other things like that almost every day.  They also told her she doesn't communicate enough, despite sending in daily updates and doctor notes every week.

All of this is in light of her most recent performance review being stellar, client satisfaction going up considerably since she started working there and targets being hit every quarter since her arrival.  So it seems really unusual to me that they'd let a legitimate injury get in the way of business, but here we are.

My mother is convinced they are going to fire her as soon as she returns and she needs some way to protect herself, if possible, because the job market in Saskatchewan right now is rough and money is tight.  What can we do, if anything?

Also, in case the title wasn't enough this is in Saskatchewan, Canada."
"Landlord taking me to court? Hello

A friend recommended I might be able to get a little advice or even pointed in the right direction.

I am being threatened with the small claims court for £4000 for damages to property upon leaving a rented property.

In all honesty there were damages, and some of what they claim is correct and I do not argue with it. It is not however the 4k claimed. There are a few damages that fall under fair wear and tear I lived there for seven years.
I had the usual inspections from the letting agency and never had any problems or anything brought to my attention.
I cannot afford 4k but have offered a monthly payment, I suggest a low number they have came back with £400 per month. I cannot afford that or anywhere near that.

What is a likely outcome from small claims? I am willing to pay monthly, but cannot afford what they ask. I have no contact with the guarantor and don't even know where they are now, will they go after them? I don't want someone else to be on the hook for my mistake."
Work wants me to lie to uneployment. I was on unemployment and I returned to work, my employer want me to say that I returned a week before then the actual date I started working. But they’re only gonna pay me half of the money that I would get from unemployment. (California)
Inheritance advice Hi, I’m getting married soon. It just occurred to me that when my parents pass, I will have inheritance coming my way. When that happens, is the inheritance mine? Or is spouse entitled to half?
Can I Use Someone Elses PayPal? On one of my accounts for a game there is a PayPal email of someone I do not know. I know for a fact it is linked to someone in Ohio and not Texas which is where I live. Never been to Ohio. Is it illegal to use this PayPal to buy games? Technically the PayPal is on my account so I have the right to use it, correct? From a legal standpoint can I use this account to buy things? I was not given direct words saying I can but I feel I got permission indirectly by it getting on my account. If I give my friend my PayPal info thats basically giving him my money.
"Divorcing an abuser who lives in another state I have never done reddit before, but I am wanting to check all my options.

I don't want to go into one of those long reddit rants or stories. So, long story short.

My GF of over a year is still married to her extremely abusive ex due to the cost and the fact that he refuses to cooperate in any way. We made the mistake or paying a lawyer to get it done just to find out that it's going to cost even more money because the ex won't sign to receive the papers and is now trying to charge us even more money to do more work even after being told this guy will not cooperate and we do not have more money to keep throwing at this.

We live in Louisiana and there is NO aid for women without kids for divorce even if you have proof of abuse.

We have been told by a few people that filing a ""103"" shouldn't need her ex's signing of anything or cooperation to make it happen but our lawyer told us this isn't true and to give him more money. 

Her ex is not going to go along with anything and will fight her ever step of the way and there seems to be no help or options for abuse victims to get a divorce without costing loads of money and getting the ex to sign papers.

We have limited funds to try again and don't know what else we can do. All she wants is to be free of a man who tried to kill her more than once.

What are our options, what can she do, what legal direction can we go?

We just want some real direction and help as what to do to just get this over with as easy and cheap as possible without her ex having anything to do with it."
What does adequate heating actually mean We(me and 4 friends) live in a house with 3 stories and only the second floor’s heater works the other two stories are always around 50-60 degrees. Is this unlawful in the state of SC and can we withhold rent until it is done?
"My lease does not state anything regarding exiting/terminating the agreement Pretty much my rental agreement doesn’t mention anything about moving out. No mention of a 30 days notice, no end date on my lease as it is month to month. 

I don’t know if this was a mistake on their part, but can I just get up and leave in theory?"
"Friend got an extortion text and needs advice She received this [text](http://imgur.com/a/hVnIP5U)[/text] today and we wanted to know if it is worth reporting to anyone or if we should respond at all to see if they actually are a person that will reply. I dont know if this is the right place for it but considering it is a threat I didnt know if there was a way to bring about legal ramifications to the individual behind it. 

Any advice is helpful."
(KY) HR at Lowe's said that if we miss our lunch that lowes will take out 30 min each day from our paychecks I work at Lowe's in Kentucky and our HR said that if we miss our lunches they will take off 30 min off each day, this is an hourly job and we dont get paid lunches. Can they do that and is that even legal? They said they can do that without even telling us
"Did I do the right thing or just completely F myself over. In the process of background check for a position with a company. The background check is done by a third party company, while the security clearance is done by the government.

On the form for my background check, I misunderstood a question about having ever been convicted of a criminal offence. I responded 'No' though after I submitted the uneditable form, I was informed that my misdemeanour would fall under this category.

I emailed my recruiter explaining the situation last night, but have been told by my parents that I should have not emailed her, and just let it be.

On my government security clearance from, I did mention my misdemeanour and filled out the section accordingly.

Was I wrong in emailing my recruiter?"
"Is it worth it to fight a traffic citation by setting up a court date? This afternoon I drove past a school bus that was slowing down (it had not completely stopped yet, and the stop signs on the sides of the bus were not out). Myself and four other cars were pulled over by a sheriff on a motorcycle and given tickets for $269 (!!!) each. I told the officer that I didn't see the bus stopped and that I was well over 100yds away before the stop signs came out, but he told me that it was already stopped and that he ""let two other people go"" that were ahead of me.

I can't afford this ticket and I want to set up a court date, but if the cop shows it's his word against mine, right? And I'll lose and have to pay. What is the likelihood that he won't show and I'll automatically win? I want to know if it's worth my time.

I live in Duval County in FL. Any help is greatly appreciated!"
"Helping getting an ID for a friends kid. Hello, I am in MA, USA and am looking for advice on the direction I can take to help my friend and her daughter who just turned 11. 

My friend would like to be able to get an ID / Passport for her daughter but the father will not cooperate. They are and have never been married but he is listed on the birth certificate and the daughter has his last name.   


* They were never married
* They are no longer together. 
* He is listed on the Birth Cert and daughter has his last name
* He is not a citizen
* Is homeless
* Does not have any valid identification. 
* His State ID is expired and he can not get it renewed because he lost his green card.

I offered to help out with the ID situation by hiring an immigration attorney but he walked way from that after learning what was involved (long story short I actually met him first when he was collecting can's on my street and I offered to help him). 

As mentioned the father is unwilling to cooperate because he things the mother will abduct the child out of the country. Nothing is further from the truth, she has lived in the same home for 10 years and doesn't want to move because the kid is doing great in school where she is at. Plus her family (mother and sisters) are all here not to mention friends. 

Even if he would cooperate he can't because he has no ID to prove who he is.

Anything I can do to help them out? (Hire an attorney - if so what kind), write a testimony for the court or anything at all?  

I know when I was 11 I had an ID and my own bank account already. Plus I was able to travel, of course restrictions were a little different bank then but now days you gotta have a passport or a Real ID."
"sharing of evidence details on social media disclaimer: although based loosely on actual circumstances, no details regarding location of events, person's involved, or any other information that could be used to determine the specific case have been used. any details mentioned have been changed from those connected to the actual case. in that regard, this is strictly a hypothetical scenario and nothing more.

let's say I am a member of a private group on a social media platform. this group is for sharing and discussing emergency calls from local police and fire scanners as well as stories that are in the news media from the tri-county area. basically, it's a gossip group for internet rubbernecking under the guise of neighborhood safety, and this group's members are all local area residents living in the 3 surrounding counties.

an article was shared updating the group on an ongoing case that involved a car accident and multiple injuries that stated the person at fault is now being charged with DUI after results from a urine test came back months after the accident. supposedly the accused had passed a blood test before and was not arrested or suspected of DUI at the time of the accident. 

so some members in the post's discussion questioned this because they felt that a urine test could show positive for a substance long after its effects or influence have worn off. not the point, but here's where my question comes in. a member of the group who is known to be related to an area law enforcement officer stated they have seen evidence that the accused had either admitted to or gave the impression they they had ingested an illegal substance just prior to the accident. this evidence was detailed right down to the type, what was supposedly said, and even the application used.

however, this evidence has not been released to the public or news media to my knowledge. it has not been found in any of the news articles related to the accident. and when asked if this was ""privileged inside info"" the person used a positive or affirming reaction to the question. this was potentially seen by people who may very well make up a pool of potential jurors.

was the sharing of this evidence a violation of procedure or otherwise a potential hindrance to the accused receiving a fair trial assuming that the defense attorney is already aware of the evidence?"
"[IN]had my house sided in summer 2014. issues with the job have not been addressed by the company I hired. Indiana

there is a section on the house under the bay window where the siding was not properly installed/secured and is sliding down and has also caused cosmetic damage to the siding below it.  I have made several attempts to have them fix the problem but they have not done anything about it.

The problem arrose after I had already paid the due ammount of the contract.  I contacted them for weeks about the issue and it has not been repaired.  Would job/contract abandonment laws come into play for something like ths?

There were other issues as well but don't really pertain to this particular issue.  I had to threaten a BBB report to get them to reinstall the shudders they removed during the job which also took weeks after they agreed to do it and at the end demanded more money which I refused to pay.  Removed a fence post and did not replace it.

I have never pursued legal action on anyone but I feel I have no other option.

thank you"
My buddy got is apartment raided by the police in Utah while he was visiting me. This is one crazy ass story. So my friend has been visiting me for about a 5 days now and he just found out that his apartment door was left open and his neighbor noticed and called the police. They got a search warrant because of this and searched his apartment and found marijuana, bongs, and other people’s fake ids. Is there any advice out there besides get a lawyer? I’m praying this case can get thrown out for one reason or another. Any help is much appreciated. Thanks!
"My position was eliminated via restructuring 4-months prior to hitting my full 100% cliff vest for my 401k company match. Am I entitled to go after at least the prorated portion of the company match? As the title implies my position was eliminated as result of the current economic situation and I was just a few months from reaching my vest date for my 401k match from the company. They have indicated they are not going to include the unvested portion. My question is am I entitled to go after some of the unvested match given I did not leave on my own accord prior to vest? I am in Wisconsin, United States. 

Thanks and any help or advice would be much appreciated."
"I shoplifted and got caught by an LP as I was leaving. Would police be contacting me? In need of advice! Hello,

I shoplifted at a local Canadian Superstore and got caught. Terrible idea, I am not proud of what I did and I have no idea why I did it. I stole \~$45 worth of items and was stopped by an LP as I was leaving. I just need some advice!

He told me to remove everything from my pockets and backpack and I did. I did not try to hide anything and told him I messed up. He asked me if I wanted to enter a room and speak with him for a bit and I refused by telling him I am sorry. I am young and I made a terrible decision.

He told me that he will be calling the police and he will need to speak with me in a room. I kept insisting I am very sorry and I made a terrible move. I did not want to give any personal information such as names, addresses, ID etc. which is why I kept straying away from entering the room. The LP was friendly and told me this is a bad habit and he can't let me go because the manager is already informed. Soon enough he said something along the lines of he will be contacting the police and walked back into the store. I told him I am sorry once more and walked away to my vehicle.

Does anybody know if the police will actually be contacted and I will receive a criminal charge/record for my mistakes? This is my very first time and I fully regret what I did. I'm worried because he does have images of my face through surveillance, my debit card (as I purchased some chips), and possibly my licences plate. 

I did not take much but whether or not it was a couple dollars or thousands, I did commit a crime and I fully regret what I did. Would I be getting a knock on the door from the police, a letter, or any criminal charges on my record? Thank you."
I have an App idea, could it land me into trouble? Hello, I am a hobbiest programmer from New Delhi, India. I plan on making an Andriod App, that would allow Apple Devices to share data(photos music etc) with Andriod Phones. The app would use reverse wifi tethering between the two devices and the Apple device will access the app interface using a browser. Question: I don't know Apples policy on this, but could this land me into some sort of legal trouble? The app is going to be run on the Andriod Device, the Apple device will not be affected by it in anyway. File transfer will be simple http/ftp
Lanlord kicking me out after taking rent money I found an apartment in Brooklyn, NYC, on roomi (apartment app) and had paid two months rent in advance and its only been one month. The guy who sublet to me (Boris) isnt the lanlord. There are a total of 4 people living in the house; Boris, Another roomate with his girlfriend and I. But the utilities are only split 3 ways. Now when i mention it must be split four ways, Boris says no only three ways and says i cant stay there anymore and wont return my rent. What legal action can i take to get me money back?
"People are accusing me of damaging their car door, what to do now? (NJ) I was going to Walmart with my daughter when a car had just pulled up next to her, and she opened the door at that moment, and tapped the door to the other car. The driver was very aggressive about that, and screamed at us over it. He claims we damaged the door. I swear when I say this, that there was nothing done to the door, not even a scratch. 

He forced us to stay in the parking lot (ie blocked our path) then called the police. The police inspected the car, saw no damage, shrugged, and recommended to the driver of the other car to not file a report. He argued with the police over it and demanded I exchange insurance info. I did it and felt confident nothing would come of it since there was nothing wrong with the door. I wanted to take pictures of the door but the driver didn't let me and the police told me I couldn't photograph it without his permission.

A few days later, I was informed that there was $143 dollars of damage to the car, and it had a huge dent. I have a feeling he damaged his own door to commit fraud. I called the PD for the area of that Walmart but no report was filed for the incident. I forgot the names of the officers who went that day.

My insurance premium is already through the roof over an accident I had in 2013 that I was found to be at fault for, this might make the insurance unaffordable for me. What can I do now? 

Edit: I forgot to mention that the driver's wife was there, though she didn't really do anything except sit in their car and text."
"Rent refund / Obligated to pay rent for damaged unit? A week of heavy rain in Southern California turned into a roof leak and drip through our ceiling. The ceiling rapidly deteriorated to where it sagged and looked like it might collapse. Insulation is now exposed, visible mold and strong musty odor.

We put in a maintenance request at first sign of leak, but landlord insisted it was the HOA’s responsibility to maintain roof. HOA calls a week later saying they will send someone out, but still have not (three weeks later). After 5 days of no action taken to correct the issue, we notified landlord of our intent to vacate (30 days) and described the issue. Due to health concerns we started living with friends and family in the interim while we look for new living arrangements.

I am requesting that the landlord refund us and not charge us for ~30 days of rent, but they insist that we pay. We have not paid May rent and worry about credit implications. 

As far as our deposit is concerned, per the lease agreement, we need to clean carpets, repair damage, etc. do we still need to fulfill this? We are concerned about spending any additional time in the unit. Also unsure if a contractor would work in those conditions. 

Are we obligated to pay this rent? 

Thank you in advance for any advice during these trying times."
"(Colorado) While filing for unemployment, do I need to report that I was payed for shifts I did not work? I work a part-time job that, due to the current pandemic, has been closed since mid-March, and I have obviously had zero hours since then. However, my employer still payed me (and every other part time employee) for shifts I would have worked through most of April.

I assume I have to report this somewhere while filing for unemployment, but I am unsure of how to report it, whether it would be counted as wages in lieu of notice or separation payments or if I should even adjust my last day worked to reflect when the last shift I was payed for would have been."
"California: Landlord's parents (property owners) at rental house very often without notice and just constructed new room without written notice Hello,

Three issues:

1) The landlord (named on lease) is a young adult who is acting as landlord for the property owners which appear to be his parents, though this is unclear. However, their heavy involvement, his young age, and the fact that they do not speak fluent English suggests that this is the scenario. The landlord is an occupant of the house. His parents are at the house multiple times per week, either inside or outside, without prior written notice. They have moved personal food around without permission. Is it legal for them to be there in this context?

2) An additional room was just added by putting up a wall in common space. The only notice that was given was a text that was sent around the time the wall was put up. This room would introduce an 8th person onto the property. Can the owners legally add a new room to existing common space after the lease has been signed? There was no indication that an additional unit was to be built in commonly shared space before the lease was signed.

3) Use of the heater and AC system is prohibited, though this prohibition is not stated in the lease.

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you."
"I am a college student and I received a suspicious email regarding an ""administrative assistant"" position. I first received an email titled ""Recruitment"" with text that read: 
""Hi

A part-time assistant is needed to perform various administrative task,Self-Motivated,
Eager and Computer skills are preferred.

Reply to nottherealemail66@hotmail.com for full job details.

Thank you.""
I tried to include his entire email identical in all punctuation and spelling. The fact that his email is @hotmail.com makes me a little suspicious.

This was his next email: https://gyazo.com/6a7d1c7e15e3449010cb04343b02ec5b
I do not believe my university has any faculty named ""Almond Ulrich"". Also he did not capitalize his supposed last name. 

Is this legit? Is this a scam? Is he trying to steal my identity? I AM in need of a part-time job, but I don't want anything bad to happen. Any advice is appreciated. "
[NYS] I am a public school teacher and a director of a summer camp for special needs children. The board of the camp just cancelled our camp due to corona. Can I file for the federal unemployment? I know as a teacher I don’t have the ability to collect New York State unemployment during the summer, but I rely on this camp job to pay for those two months, since I only receive 10 months of paychecks from the teaching job. Because the camp is closed due to corona, and I’ve been an existing employee (and doing work for the camp already this year), would I qualify?
"(CO)I recently got fired for my stutter. What do I do? Hey! First time posting here so let me know if I mess up anywhere. I used to work at a fast food franchise (won't name names obviously) and I had seriously injured my calf while putting food in the walk in fridge. Tried to stay in contact with my managers but would rarely get any info back. Had surgery to fix my calf and will be having permanent issues.

Fast forward a few months and I am talking to one of my managers about me coming back to work. Now I have a very bad stutter. I really can't talk in person because of it but this was known when I was hired and they never made it seem like it was a big issue. My only real job was to prepare the food and help out on the make line as needed. I was never asked or trained to deal with any customer service and they were ok with it. Talk to one of the managers and he said I would be put back on the schedule, that I would have my job 100% and how excited they were to have me all that. One week goes by and they don't put me on the schedule. Texted him again asking what was up and apparently they just forgot. Another week goes by and still nothing. Finally I go into the store to talk to the General Manager who tells me that he would see if they had any hours for me and to message him back at the end of the week. I text him and he tells me that they have no hours for me and would keep me posted if they need anything. I think alright not a problem. I text my manager updating him on the situation and he replies telling me ""Yeah he doesn't want us to hire you because you can't answer phones."" so I reply ""so because of my disability?"" and he says ""yeah sorry man.""

I was absolutely blown away by that response. After looking at the schedule my manager had sent me the week and talking to the manager previously it seems the GM was doing my job and then lying about the hours. What do I do about this? I have every single text saved and I feel absolutely terrible about the whole situation. I feel embarrassed and useless and have no idea what to do. I have already contacted two lawyers who said they have no reason to get involved. Am I out of luck? Or is there anything else I can do...

Sorry for the rambling...long night

Edit: I don't know if this matters but I was on workman's comp for about 4 or 5 months until they had it revoked. 

tl;dr Worked at a fast food place and got injured. Tried to come back but was lied to about them not having hours for me and got texted by a manager saying they wouldn't hire me because of my stutter."
Friend's step-mother doesn't want to give her (my friend) her dad's death certificate I'm writing this for a friend seen as she doesn't use reddit. My friend's biological father has passed away recently and she needs her dad's death certificate for her passport but her step-mother refuses to give her the certificate, problem is that he (father) lived in America and she (my friend) lives in South Africa so she can't personally talk to her stepmother, and her step-mother refuses to talk to her over the phone, what can she do about this?
[CA,San Bernadino]Need some advice on starting the eviction process on tenant refusing to leave. My mom is the landlord and the tenant has been month to month for 2 years now.  My mom send them a termination request on 1/15/15 via email, so 2/15 is coming up but they have been dodging our calls and not given us a move out date.  I am 90% sure they won't move out before the 15.  I have read up on a bit on starting the UD process and it's pretty confusing.  Question: 1. Is serving the 30 day notice via email OK?  2. My mom want us to go to the house on the 16th even if they don't move out, can the landlord enter the property when they are still in there?  Assuming they don't respond to our request to enter.  I know at this point i should try to look for a lawyer but it seems pretty unfair that we have to pay for the lawyer fee for them refusing to leave.  They also have not paid last month's rent.
"Suspect Tenants of Manufacturing Drugs, Want to Serve 24 Hour Eviction Notice I am a landlord of an owner occupied duplex. I have very strong reason to believe the tenants below us are manufacturing a controlled substance based of the supplies they've ordered to the house, the types of machines we hear from the unit, the smells that come from the unit, and hearing them talk about it through the vents. 

We want to serve them a 24 hour eviction notice due to illegal activity on the premises. 

We are certain they are manufacturing a controlled substance, but in the eyes of the law, they don't know what we know and would need hard evidence as proof I assume.

My question is, do we have to have hard physical evidence to proceed with a 24 hour eviction notice?"
"Am I in the wrong for screen capturing an image of a child from a Youtube video and saving fully clothed pictures of children on my iPhone Good Day All:

I hope the following makes some degree of logical sense, please forgive any spelling, grammatical, etc. errors in the following.  Please also forgive if this is the wrong sub for this as I""m new to reddit platform entirely.

This all begins with a YouTube channel I'm a huge fan of called FatheringAutism created by the father of a nonverbalal autistic girl with severe autism.  I find the videos inspiring and find the girl (named Abigail Lorraine who recently turned 15) as a role model and hero of sorts I, as a 29 year old nonverbal autistic transgender person (male to female) have taken then time to screen capture photos of Abigail by way of freezing the video on my iPhone or iPad taking a screen shot then cropping down the resultant image to only include Abigail.  I've further taken similar pictures by searching things like ""autistic girls"" or ""girl swimsuits"" in google images and saving down my favorites.

&amp;#x200B;

The ultimate purpose for these pictures is 2-fold:

* Abigail Lorraine Photos: wind up in a special album called ""Abigail Lorraine""
* All others and Abigail Lorraine: are combined in an album called ""Cute Rainbows v2""

Both sets of photos are used as a digital photo frame of sorts on my desk and are not used on the web as my own pictures or the like.  the photos are also used as my desktop wallpaper in my mac since I don't like any of the defaults and I want something to look at.

I've also taken the time to compile demographic data (full name, best friend's middle name, middle names of 2/3 of immediate family, food preferences, etc.) from things that are mentioned in the videos on the YouTube channel into several records in various places:

* MobileCM: the contact manager application used on my iPhone that syncs with my volunteer job's Customer Relationship Management software.  This is a very stripped down contact card
* WinxCRM 9.5i: I've taken the time to create a full on ""Customer Global Jacket"" in my volunteer job's CRM just like any other customer but this one is more robust as it has relationships to the records of mother, father, brother, and all their information I have obtained from the videos, full demographics, linked files including all the photos, etc. 

note that neither system contains actual contact information such as home addresses, phone numbers, etc.  what information is contained in both systems is only obtained from the content of the videos and from no other sources.  in WinxCRM 9.5i there is no actual contact history items (e.g. calendar events, inbound or outbound phone calls, security notes, technical support cases, etc.) just all the demographics and the like.  I've gotten approval from my chain of command to maintain such detailed profiles in our systems even though they really have no benefit other than training profiles that can be used to show new hires how the applications work and what is capable with our software.  this is also just a side project of mine that got approved for me to work on between calls and meetings since we now have demo profiles we can use.

Am I in violation of any laws for screen capturing these types of images for my own personal viewing and using the publicly available data the family has put out for my own personal use as a side project and demo data for my volunteer job's CRM?"
"[Ohio] Fired for Severe Morning Sickness (x-post from r/pregnant) Hi Reddit!

I am carrying a baby for two wonderful friends who live in a different state. I am 7 weeks and 2 days pregnant today and have been suffering from debilitating morning sickness for a little over a week. When it started last week, I was sent home from work and told not to return for until I felt better. Shortly afterwards, I saw a doctor who diagnosed me with hyperemesis gravidarum and prescribed me Zofran, which has reduced the vomiting but not done much for the nausea. Even though I am able to keep food and liquids down now, strong smells still make me feel very queasy, and I am constantly nauseous -- I spent my week off work laying in bed feeling terrible.

Today was my first day back, and I quickly realized I couldn't handle it. I am the lead server at a restaurant, and all the cleaning chemical and food smells were making me feel awful. My job is generally fast paced, and I have the extra responsibility of overseeing my staff on top of the guests that come in. My GM sent me home and said that he couldn't schedule since this is the second time he's had to scramble to find coverage for me. He also mentioned that he would look into hiring someone else to fill my position.

Right now I am looking into entry level jobs that won't put me around strong smells, so no bars or restaurants. I am also looking for a job that would provide me with FMLA, which is unheard of for the service industry. I was thinking of filing for unemployment, but am not sure about how it works. I'm meeting with my lawyer on Monday to discuss the adoption process, and I am planning on asking him for advice about what to do for my job and financial situation. Does anyone have any ideas or suggestions for other financial resources? Would be qualify for unemployment benefits?

TL;DR: lost my job due to severe morning sickness and am wondering if I can file for unemployment and if there are other things I can do for income while I'm still very sick."
"Do I have to pay a $6,000 fine for something that didn’t happen? I live in a 2 bed, 2 bath apartment with one other roommate. We both get our own bedroom and bathroom. So my girlfriend usually comes over 1-3 times a week and rarely stays over, but my next door roommate hates that because by us talking, we make noise, which annoys him. So, last night was the super bowl, and my girlfriend’s an eagles fan, so my roommate was not happy. He went down to the leasing office and told them I’ve had her in my apartment every day since Jan. 6. My apartment has a vague rule you can’t have people in the apartment for more than 3 days. Each consecutive day is a $200 fine. So now, they’re charging me $6,000 for something that didn’t happen because my roommate claims it did. If I don’t pay the fine, I risk eviction. What do I do?

Edit: I live in the state of Pennsylvania, if that makes a difference. "
Dating laws If I’m in 12th grade and I’m 18, am I allowed to date somebody in the same grade who is 17 or not?
"My GF's car got totalled while at work. (California) Hi there guys, I'm just wondering what we can do in our situation. Here's the deal.

My GF was at work and her car was parked outside. A man accidentally accelerated into her car (he had a tesla, so it was pretty bad) the car misaligned her mini Cooper and it just got destroyed. It was still drivable, but in very bad condition. 

He was kind enough to inform her while she was at work, and they exchanged information and insurance. At first this was a relief. I was convinced that her having a solid statement and the man admitting fault, she could have all the help she needed to get her situation handled by the insurance companies. 

When she finally sent it in for an estimate they said that it went past the limit for the insurance, it was 5.6k and they said the car was totalled. 

Having a totalled car is horrible news, but now she doesn't know where to turn. I haven't had a chance to see her insurance info and what's in her plan/contract. But she's telling me that she'll just have to get a new car. This doesn't sit right with me, and I feel like there's more that can be done.

Is there anything she can do to get her car fixed or replaced? Maybe get compensation from the insurance? 

Her insurance is State farm, the man who hit her car has Geico.

Her car was parked, and he accelerated into it. 

Also, the place she tried getting it fixed tried to make her sign a waiver and pay a fee just to get the car back? This sounded hella fishy, and it's even fishier considering when she agreed to paying any fee and completing anypaper work no one ever charged her or made her sign anything.

Anyways. Is there anything that can be done to help this situation? That car was payed off in full and it's a shame to lose it.
"
"My highschool will not release my transcripts because of an outstanding balance. (FL) I live in FL. I went to a private high school and graduated in 2016 then went to a community college for 2 and a half years. I’m now trying to transfer over to a university and need them again, when I asked they said I have an outstanding balance. Thing is though this is from my parents pulling my siblings out before the year started, after I graduated. Paying for it is out of the question because it’s a lot of money. I can’t afford to pay it and neither can my parents, I really just don’t what I can do to get them back.

I wanted to know if there was anyway I could get them or if it’s a loss cause.

Sorry if this sounds jumbled I’m genuinely upset and I don’t know what to do, I can’t continue going to school unless I go get a GED because of this."
"Eviction without a lease? Our current lease is up in June.  We've discovered we're incompatible with one of the roommates and need them to leave, ideally as soon as possible.

The lease lists only one roommate as the leaseholder, and does not name other renters *in* the lease, though we're all on file at the office.  The person we're trying to evict did not sign a lease, only the primary leaseholder did.  This person also has paid rent only twice in seven months (not the main/sole reason we're evicting but probably relevant info).

We gave them two weeks' notice but they claim they legally have at least thirty days.  This is already a mess, so I'm just looking for any law that applies here; most info I can find so far mostly involves leaseholders or squatters, but this person is neither.  I don't want to force the two-weeks thing, I just want to know what their/our actual legal standing is, mostly so *I* don't fuck this up and get us in court.

We're in Kentucky."
[TEXAS] What's my next move? Okay so someone came to my house and slashed all but one of my tires. I'm fairly certain who the arsehole is who slashed my tires and I am taking legal action.  My issue though, is I don't seem to have insurance. I overtook this car from a family member and they've always taken care of the insurance, until recently. The policy seems to have ended a couple of months ago and now I'm not sure what to do next.
Received an Email demanding $300 Hi I live in USA, MN. I just received an email saying that I needed to pay 300 dollars for pirating a movie. The particular movie that they are saying I pirated I did not. I have no money to pay for a lawyer and I also can not afford to pay $300 dollars for something I did not do. But also if I try to fight this in court how would I even prove that I didn't do it. It says that my IP address was used in the pirating of this movie only me and my brother really use the internet in my house and my brother has several mental disabilities so I don't even know if he did it.
Was just in a car accident (NC), what do I do next? The car is insured in my girlfriends name, I'm the primary driver. It only has liability insurance. I drive it everyday to and from work, and I use it to drive her daughter to work. I was in a collision where I had the right of way, the driver cut in front of me to turn left and totaled the car. I can't afford to buy a new car outright and I'm afraid the the value of the car won't be enough to get me a reliable vehicle. I've never been in an accident and I don't know what to do. My girlfriend is no help, she's still shaken up by it, hasn't even called the insurance company. Please help, I'm lost.
What state do I file charges for theft? I had a customer use my service and not pay me for my service. The customer used my service in Texas but I am located in Arkansas.
"Alcoholic Underemployed Husband Seeking Alimony Hello, I do not post on Reddit often so I hope it is okay if I ask this here.

(Illinois) I am posting on behalf of a friend who is starting the divorce process. They have been married 1.5 years and do not have children. Her attorney received response from her husband's attorney regarding his requests for settling the divorce which include a threat of seeking spousal support if she doesn't give him the dog. She has been the primary care giver to the dog as husband has not been staying at the home. She also loves the dog dearly, of course.

My question is, he is currently underemployed. He was previously making $75k and lost his job due to drinking. He found a new job but quit shortly after without telling his wife. He was then unemployed for 3 months before he recently found a job paying MAYBE $20k. She makes $50k. His lack of ambition and inability to keep a job is one of the reasons she wants the divorce, so she is concerned she will get stuck paying spousal support when he could find a better job if he wasn't a lazy, alcoholic.

I feel like this is a scare tactic to get her to give up easily and for him to feel like he ""won"" if he gets the dog as he won't be able to afford the house and will probably lose both of his cars when he can't pay for them. It is also the only thing that can hurt her because she doesn't care about the other stuff. She would like to (and can afford to) keep the home, but if they have to sell it then that is fine. She has been paying for everything anyway because of his job situation.

Does he actually have a shot at alimony?

tldr; Friend's husband of 1.5yrs has an inconsistent job history due to alcoholism. He is currently underemployed and seeking alimony in their divorce."
"Landlord entered my apartment and removed a bunch of my stuff without my consent. Hi everyone. I'll get right to it. My GF and I recently moved to a new apartment. We began moving our belongings to the new place on Dec 26th 2017. We paid rent at the old place for the entire month of January (not ideal obviously, but we love the new place and did not want to miss out). This also gave us time to move our things gradually as opposed to having one massive chaotic moving day. So we would go back to the old place on weekends and evenings and grab a few things when we had time. I had a walk-through with the landlord/property manager on the 17th of January and we discussed the fact that my gf and I still had belongings in the apartment. She indicated that this was not a problem and encouraged me to contact her once we were done so that we could arrange another walk-through and return our keys etc. She mentioned that she was talking to a few prospective tenants, but had not rented the unit to anyone. We did not hear from the landlord again after that meeting. 

Yesterday (sunday the 28th), my GF and i went to the old place to get our remaining belongings and discovered that the landlord/property manager had entered our apartment without our knowledge and painted and patched some holes in the wall from hanging pictures and our TV and also removed a bunch of out stuff from the apartment. There was a also dirt everywhere and the front door was left unlocked and the back sliding door was left open (we are on the first floor, so that was a bit troubling). There was easily over $1000 worth of items (perhaps much more) that were missing as well as several items we got in our travels and cannot be replaced. The items that they left in the apartment were all in disarray and sortof just strewn about the apartment as if someone had gone through them. 

We emailed the landlord/property manager and she admitted that she did have painters come into the apartment without telling us and that they are the ones who moved our items. She says the items are in storage but did not tell us where or how to get them back. We still have not been able to get in touch with the painting company she hired (she actually has not given us the name of the company) or any of her bosses at the property management company. I'm not sure what course to take moving forward but I know at the very least she violated our lease by entering our apartment without our consent or knowledge and may have violated some state laws too (we live in California). Should we file a police report for our stolen stuff? What kind of action can we take against the property management company. Any help or advice here would be extremely helpful. Thanks in advance! 

TL;DR - Landlord/Property manager let painters into my apartment without my consent and they took a bunch of my stuff."
"Girlfriends abusive brother is blackmailing me after a physical altercation. This is going to be a lot to unpack and I'm hoping I can explain clearly as possible.   


So I have been with my girlfriend for almost 4 years now and we've been friends even longer. We have had some rough bumps in the relationship, but never anything serious - we usually work it out and move past it pretty quick. However, she has a lot of emotional trauma and baggage from her childhood that has made it difficult at times (especially like this).   


As a teenager her brother and father both emotionally and physically abused her to an extent that made my rough childhood look normal. Both her father and brother physically assaulted her, called her stupid (as well as other things), and by all accounts trashed her self-esteem. She can't make simple mistakes like spilling a drank without bursting into tears and crying about how she should be punished and has even hit herself a few times thinking ""Thats what she deserved"". When this happens, I always just rush over and hold her tight and let her know that everything is okay. Its extremely painful to see this and I don't know what to do beside be there for her. She says that they've changed and are better about this - but recent events lead me to believe otherwise.

Fast forward to present time and things have gotten extremely difficult. About two and a half months ago me an my old roommates were trying to renew our lease on the house we were renting, but the landlord refused (due to COIVD-19) and the issues happening with that. Essentially, he wanted to reduce the amount of proprieties he had to attend to and enter for misc things (like collecting rent, maintenance, etc). He is an older gentleman so we didn't really argue too much and understood his reasons. However, this put me in a really rough spot in terms of housing. I live in Los Angeles and rent her is so ungodly expensive (the average rate for even a studio is $1100/month) and competition is high. My mother is dead and my father is a drunken bastard not worthy of the air he breathes so I can't stay with either of them. Having nowhere else to turn my girlfriends father offered to let me stay until I can find a new place with the condition I pay him $500/month (about what I payed previously with roommates).   


In the beginning, everything was great. My girlfriend seemed to be happier, we cooked meals together, and it felt amazing having her around. However, her brother wasn't happy about this at all (even though his girlfriend was already living their permanently). He fought tooth and nail for the first few weeks with my girlfriends dad to throw me out and let me figure it out - but her dad refused. I felt like I was creating problems, so I just decided to keep my distance and be polite as possible. But still, he persisted to make things difficult for me and by all accounts spit in my face when I was being kind. But I'm used to taking shit and eating it with a smile on my face. Having served in the Marine Corps for 4 years, I was used to it.  


Recently however, the tension basically exploded into a physical altercation. I was helping me girlfriend clean her room and was lifting some heavy objects. During all of this she accidentally used a pair of my shorts to dust. When she realized, she burst into tears and started crying. So I did what I always do - I hugged her and said the following ""Don't worry babe, its just some Fucking shorts, I'll just wash em in the next load of laundry."" As she started to calm down, her brother busted in the room and accused me of ""disrespecting and abusing"" his sister.   


Here's a little fun fact, since joining the Corps I have had pretty loose lips when it came to profanity (there's an old joke about the Corps- Parents are always happy to see their child graduating from basic and receiving their EGA up until they realize every other sentence now is said with ""Fuck"" or some other curse word). My girlfriend is aware of this and it doesn't really bother her too much. But to her brother, he assumed that I was cursing her out and abusing her. When he barged into the room, he started screaming at me. Got in my face and was pushing me around. As I started to back away my girlfriend got in between us to stop it and explain what happened. But not even 10 seconds later I saw her brother pushing her out of the way to get to me and threw her on the floor - hard enough to dislocate her knee. I blacked out and punched him in the face.   


I've been around violence my whole life - I was abused my parents, was put in multiple group homes, and lets just say Afghanistan isn't the most peaceful place to be deployed. I'm not naive to the fact I have some serious mental health issues (PTSD, Depression, &amp; Anxiety to be specific)... But I go to therapy, take medication, and do everything within my power to avoid violence. But in that moment, seeing my amazing girlfriend get assaulted by HER OWN brother I blacked out and did what I had to do.   


During all of this, her Dad got involved and broke it up before it went any further. I helped my girlfriend to her bed (thankfully her knee popped back in on its own) and help calm her down and treat her knee. She immediately understood why I reacted the way I did and even said that she was glad someone stood up for her and said quote ""Someone finally knocked some sense into him"". But while all this was happening, her dad was trying to convince her brother to not call the police and he eventually agreed not to.   


As a resulting consequence though, I have to move out ASAP. Which is fine, however her brother is making life hell for me even more. He keeps threatening to  call the cops if I don't stay out of his sight and do what I say (not that I want to be anywhere around him anyways). Can he even do this? Can he press charges three days after the fact? Can I make a self-defense claim since I only reacted this way because of how he was abusing my girlfriend? If he does press charges, what kind of sentence would I be looking at?   


PS- I understand that this situation is awful. I assaulted her brother after her father welcomed me into their home. I apologized multiple times and would never had dreamed to hurt anyone here. But I guess my love and need to protect my girlfriend took over. I didn't see her brother in the moment - just someone abusing and hurting the love of my life. If I could go back in time, believe me I would."
"Rear ended a car and it drove away? (MA) This morning, I rear ended a car a stop light. The car was in the right lane and was taking a right on red. It wasn't very hard at all, honestly just a light tap. I was about to pull over, but then the car took the right on red and drove away. At that point, some other cars went in between me and the car I hit. I tried to follow them to flash them to pull over or something, but they sped off and disappeared. There was no damage to my own car, and when they drove off it didn't seem as if there was any damage to their car either, but it all happened fast and since I was expecting them to pull over, I didn't get a good look. 

I'm just worried about it. I don't want to be randomly charged with a hit and run or anything. "
"Traffic Accident &amp; Auto-Insurance is rejecting claim Friend of mine got into a pretty bad accident today, it wasn't her fault, someone rear-ended her. When she called her insurance they claimed that as of yesterday her auto insurance policy was canceled due to no payment. She has a money order receipt of payment to the insurance company and she received  no notice of the policy being canceled. This doesn't seem right.... What can we do? are we just boned if an insurance company refuses to pay? Where can I even seek legal assistance at?

-Anaheim, CA

EDIT: Her ""proof"" is the money order receipt.. which is dated 5 days after the payment due date and she mailed the money order. l guess the question now is if the insurance company can cancel insurance without notification.

EDIT- SOVLED: Called the CA department of Insurance. There is no grace period for auto insurance, it may be canceled immediately without payment of premium. They are required to provide 10 days notice of cancellation, but that is a separate issue and would still mean that she is not covered. "
Company is being sued, going to dissolve company, made no profits when company was operating. Can they sue me? My small online business is being sued for trademark infringement.  It was open for a year and I made no money.  Can they come after me? I was basically working for free.
"(OH) Father of child refusing to leave the home My father's child &amp; I live together. We've had an ""on &amp; off"" type of relationship for a few months now &amp; we've been trying to work out the details of our relationship/parenting. It's becoming clear that we will never be civil with one another &amp; so I ask.. How can I have him removed from the property? The lease is in my name only, all the checks that pay the rent have my name on them only. &amp; all utilities are in my name. He refuses to leave the home &amp; expects me &amp; our son to move back in with my mother. The cops have already been called here twice &amp; nothing has been done. What can I do to get him out of here?"
"I was sexually assaulted whilst working on a cruise ship - they have issued me with a warning First time posting so please forgive any mistakes. 

On New Years Eve I (24F) was sexually assaulted by another crew member (25M) after he invited me to his cabin in the pretense of watching a movie after the NYE Party. The next day after speaking with my friend she convinced me to report it (I ran to her crying straight away after it happened). 
I went to the security officer and HR and explained the whole situation. With it being NYE I had consumed a fair bit of alcohol and this is against my contract. I spoke with the doctor on board and asked for tests/swabs however he said there would be no point as he and I had probably already showered (I hadn't and told HR this) and it was too much paperwork and said there would be no point anyway.
Today I had a meeting with HR, The Captain and the Hotel Director (head of mine and his department) and they informed me that he has been given a captain's warning but will remain on board. They then issued me with a captain's warning for being drunk. 
I am expected to work and live in the same small area with the man that sexually assaulted me for the next 3 months. I refused to sign the warning and explained that I felt like I was being punished for reporting the incident. 
The Captain then told me that there was no evidence that it wasn't consensual and told me it was partially my fault for drinking and going to his cabin. 
Additionally, I was trying to push for a promotion and the captain's warning puts a ban on me being promoted for 2 years. 
I honestly feel like I cannot stay here on the ship however I am struggling with throwing my career away whilst he remains on board. I can appeal the warning however right now I feel so disheartened and afraid that I just want to resign and go home.

Any advice on what rights I have?"
"My university will not issue my diploma with my name on it. Kind of clickbait. Tldr: They want to use my legal name. I do not use my legal name and it does not accurately identify me. 

Edit::: Takeaways from discussion. I'd like to copy a piece of [this comment of mine](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7s1wct/my_university_will_not_issue_my_diploma_with_my/dt1m8ik/):
&gt; Look, I realize now that I came to the wrong place with this issue, because the obvious recommendation is a legal change, which I acknowledged in my original post. I shouldn't have come here for an evaluation of university name policy vs university anti-discrimination policy vs Title IX, partly because it's a lot more nuanced than ""simple legal questions"" and partly because going that direction instead of a legal name change would be bad advice.
&gt; 
&gt; Really I just wanted to see whether a diploma is a legal document or not. I just want my name on a piece of paper, and if it's not a legal document then I can probably get it if I go into the registrar's office and ask nicely, because they probably just didn't want people putting stupid things on their university diplomas.
&gt;
&gt; Sorry for being argumentative in a place that isn't for that. 

University in question is a public institution in Michigan. You may be able to narrow down based on the subsequent details. I'm on a throwaway for that reason.

My university, like many others, asks students intending to graduate to apply for graduation. Included is a section to enter ""your name as you would like it to appear on your diploma and in commencement program."" I have used a different name (which I refer to as ""my name"" from here forward) from my legal name throughout college. I use my name in the university system. My professors and classmates know me only by my name. I have published academic papers with my name. I have even combed through internet search engines and had the results pertaining to my legal name removed. Except for a few documents such as medical records, bank account, and my lease, *a person bearing my legal name effectively does not exist*. I have worked very hard to erradicate instances of my legal name for personal reasons. I have never committed a felony.

It is unclear to me whether university diplomas are regarded as legal documents. The best explanation I've found is that they are ""sometimes"" regarded as such. Either way, I've seen no laws cited to support that. I have not seen a legal justification that I cannot have my diploma printed with my name.

My university's name policy is explicit that my diploma should bear my legal name:
&gt; DIPLOMA NAME. Students indicate their diploma name on the [redacted]. The student name listed on a diploma or certificate must match the legal name as it is recorded on the student’s official university record, with the following exceptions: option of first name or initial; option of middle name or initial; inclusion of former or maiden name(s); and inclusion of proper capitalization and accentuation of name.

In contrast, the preferred name policy, which allows me to use my name: 
&gt; PREFERRED NAME. The university recognizes that many of its students use names other than their legal names to identify themselves. Students may indicate their preferred first name on [redacted]. Once established, preferred name will be used across university systems, where possible. 

I submitted my application for graduation with my name because I figured a diploma is ceremonial and I didn't need to use my legal name. The registrar's office contacted me requesting that I re-apply, stating, ""We are unable to order your diploma until this discrepancy has been cleared."" I explained that my name does not match my legal name and asked for their patience while I explore my resources to resolve the situation. I said that I do not agree to issuing a diploma with my legal name. Cherry on top: Because I'm hard-headed, I added that if necessary I would postpone my graduation before I would agree to having the diploma issued then ammended after a legal change. I refuse to go to commencement or have a diploma bearing my legal name.

I realize a legal name change is the natural solution, but it requires time, money, and a court date (in my county of residency, in which I do not live) that I currently do not have and may not be able to secure in time to graduate this semester.

Is there actually a legal barrier to printing my name on my diploma? If not, can I contest my university's policy? Thanks in advance for your comments."
"My fiancée decided to “visit” her mom in Indiana while I was at work and took our 11 month old with her. My (M27) soon to be ex fiancée(F30)  has took off to her moms house in Indiana or possibly another state nearby(we live in California) with our 11 month old while I was at work. Before she took off she left a mote saying that her mom is in bad health, unhappy and is homesick and she is supposedly sorry for what she did. I tried contacting her mother through Facebook but I expected that she was also in on it. She reads my texts concerning about the safety of my daughter but does not respond. 

Obviously I’m traumatized by this so I tried contacting my fiancée but does not pick up. She does however FaceTime with me so I can see the baby but refuses to tell me where she is located at and offer a reason why she did what she did. 

I contacted the authorities but because I don’t have custody of the child, she can legally do that. I plan on filing a petition to establish parental relations to start getting custody of my child but from what I was told I most likely would need my daughters birth certificate and her ssn (both of which my fiancée took and I don’t remember her ssn) but would most likely would refuse to give back.

It seems like I’m out of options atleast from my knowledge. 
Is there anything else I can do to bring my daughter back? Or is there nothing I can do at this point. I no longer care about my ex fiancée. I just want my daughter back safe in California."
"Did I go to far? and do I have a legal leg to stand on? The following is an email to a property manager that manages my apartment building. The owner of the building picked a new property manager, these new guys came in and ruined everything, and claim they are now in charge of everyone's lease. I told them I am leaving, and now they are trying to take my security deposit. Names have been changed, few spelling errors intact, edits [ARE IN BRACKETS]. My original lease was for one year, the lease expired Dec 1st. I am past the window to give notice to leave, [STEVE JOHNSON] is trying to tell me i'm signed till next Dec. The new property manager made me sign nothing new. I'm in VA if it matters.

Mr [JOHNSON],

You encourage me to read the lease, huh? The one I signed with [ORIGINAL PROPERTY MANAGER], and not your company?

I have read it. Would you kindly point me to the line in the lease where it states the agent/management may be changed at any time? I can't seem to find it.I did not sign a lease with [NEW PROPERTY MANAGER]. I signed a lease with [ORIGINAL PROPERTY MANAGER]. I would have never signed a lease with your company. Your intrusive and illegal practices are fairly well known among local renters, your reputation is questionable at best.

Just because you say you can just ""take over the lease"" for [ORIGINAL PROPERTY MANAGER] does not make it legal or acceptable. There is nothing in the lease that even hints at that being an option. It is a ludicrous notion that the leasing agent and property manager can be changed out of the blue without any type of re-negotiation. As far as the law is concerned, I haven't had a lease since you took over. I've basically been squatting and sending you a check every month, (on-time 100% of the time I might add). I signed a legally-binding contract with [ORIGINAL PROPERTY MANAGER]. You can't just take that lease and claim it as your own, it doesn't work that way. I'm sure a lawyer would say the same. You may be able to strong-arm the vast majority, but It aint happening with me, [STEVE]. Your smug assertion that I still have a lease with your company is laughable. I haven't signed a thing.

Next time you take over a building, make them sign new leases. It's lazy.

Let's review all of the ways you have already either violated the lease, the law, decency, or all three at the same time since your taking over:

•	I was assured access to the storage lockers in the basement when I signed with [ORIGINAL PROPERTY MANAGER]. This was an enormous selling point for me. You guys ""took over the lease"" and immediately took away this important amenity. Would you enjoy stepping over boxes in your living room every day, [STEVE]?

•	Your workers have entered my apartment not once, but twice without any type of notice or appointment. Twice. How would you like tradesmen to enter your home with absolutely no notice? You didn't just do it to me, either. You did it to people I know living in this building. Unacceptable. People get tragically shot over these kinds of things. Think about trigger-happy gun owners next time you just cavalierly send someone in to an apartment without appointment.

•	You have issued master keys out to every tradesman in [MY CITY]. When I signed with [ORIGINAL PROPERTY MANAGER], my locks were unique, and the only people with a copy were the agent and myself. Now, under your control, one key will open every door in the building. You have proceeded to hand this key out to various plumbers, painters, carpenters, electricians, etc.. Would you and your family feel safe and secure living like this [STEVE]? Do you personally know and trust every tradesman that works for you, and know and trust all of their employees? Of course not. All it would take is one dishonest worker to compromise the security of every single tenant in the [BUILDING NAME] building. Also, I don't know how much you know about master key systems, but I know a bit. The addition of multiple shear-lines in a tumbler lock significantly reduces its security and makes them incredibly easy to pick with the most basic of implements. The security here is such a joke now, some keys work on other apartments. My key for A2 opened a friend's apartment with nothing more than a little jiggle of the wrist. This is completely unacceptable. Any idiot with a bump-key could rob the entire building.

•	In addition to simply entering my apartment without permission, you have missed more than five appointments where access was needed. Five. At least five days of lost productivity for me, waiting around for someone to. You and your office just brushed me off saying something to the effect of ""oh well you don't have to be home."" That completely misses the point. The point is most tenants want to be home when an unknown, untrusted worker is to be around their stuff. It is this kind of overbearing and pompous attitude you have for your tenant's privacy that is the most unacceptable for me. On the few occasions where notice was actually given for entry, your time windows have been offensive. 9am to 4pm with less than a day's notice? Do you think your tenants do not have jobs? Do you think our time is without value? How dare you.

•	Your refusal to address the issue of my 85 degree apartment. I shouldn't be spending money on AC in the middle of the winter.

•	Your office not addressing the moisture/mold issues. More on that below...

[STEVE], here's how it is going to go down:

Option One:
I leave the apartment at the end of the month. You then issue a check for $850, we part ways, and you will never have to deal with me again.

Option Two:
I leave anyway, you hold on to the ridiculous notion I am locked into this lease I signed with a wholly different management company, and refuse my deposit.

I haven't signed a thing with you. Even if I had, I'm sure I could still legally break lease just for your utter incompetence as a property manager.

Should you go with option two, please know I am completely prepared to go to court, I think a judge would laugh this out of the courtroom. I have no problem picketing your business front. I will utilize my contacts in the local TV market, and tell my story to anyone that cares to listen. I will write the local paper. I will post negative reviews of your practices on every local review website I can think of. I'm sure the owner of [APARTMENT BUILDING NAME] would like to be informed of your management style as well. Also, should this go to court, trust I will sue for property damage resulting from black mold due to unfixed plumbing and moisture issues in the basement. I lost my favorite $500 pea coat, and two irreplaceable pieces of well-kept vintage furniture.

The funny thing is, [STEVE], is that I thought you'd be excited that I was leaving. We got off to a bad start, and things just got worse. I'm sure you probably refer to me as ""that asshole in the [BUILDING NAME]"" around the office, or something similar. You don't want me here, and I don't want to be here. Let's just admit that. I really thought you'd be thrilled, but no... squeezing another $850 out of me if I leave, or keeping an already unhappy tenant if I stay seems to be your intent. Do you REALLY want to keep me as a tenant? Is $850 REALLY worth all of this? Mother told me to pick my battles wisely... Should you chose to pick this battle [STEVE], please know I'm the kind of person who is prepared to spend more time and effort than this is really worth until I extract a result I'm happy with, while exposing your egregious renting practices to anyone who will listen.

Just let me go [STEVE]. You can get your crew in here sooner, fix the bathroom, and probably get a little more rent money out of it. I'll go on my merry way and leave all of this in the past... no battle, no court, no nasty reviews or attention.

The way you try to infantilize your adult tenants is unacceptable. There are real human beings represented by these leases. You can't just trade us around like a paper contract, change the terms of the agreement, violate my privacy and security, then have the audacity to claim my deposit on a property I have greatly improved. It's absurd. You dropped the ball, I'm leaving, and I'm getting my money back, period.

Attached you will find a picture of my favorite coat that was kept hung in the open, on the back of my bedroom door, in the air I breathed at night. I wonder if you sleep well at night, Mr [JOHNSON].

I hope you make the obvious and decent decision in this mater.

-[TUNACRAB]
"
"License suspended without me being notified I was pulled over in Ontario for having a suspended license. I have to appear in court February 3rd and my car is impounded. I haven't been pulled over and have nothing in the mail saying it was suspended. So i had no idea.

I don't know what to expect in court. Should i get a lawyer or just explain that I had absolutely no idea it was suspended? 

Thanks in advance for any advice."
Can I make a police report for my insurance claim a couple hours after an accident? Today while driving to work a truck tried to forcefully merge into my lane and ended up hitting my right side, tearing part of the bumper off. The other driver left the scene without me getting any identifiable information. I had work 15 minutes after the accident so I did not have time to call the police to file a report Should I still make a call my police department and file a report for my insurance claim? I am currently in a different city to where the accident occurred. My car is still drivable but the damage is extensive.
Can I get in legal trouble for working remotely in a different country? Hi. I'm a software developer for a US tech company in SoCal. My company's mandating that all employees work remotely until September 1st, at the earliest. There's a foreign country that I've always wanted to live in, maybe for a few months, but I never could justify myself to do it because I cared too much about my career. Now that I can work remotely for about three months, I'm thinking of going to the country of my dreams for a few months and work remotely. Can I do this without getting into any legal issues?
"Rent Dispute Help Hello r/legaladvice
A few months ago I moved in with several roommates into a home in Seattle, WA. My roommate's parents and he signed a lease and against my knowledge put in an application for a credit check without my knowledge, (this isn't my issue just another problem). The idea was that we would be roommates but not on the original lease. I requested for my rent information to be in writing but it was never done and I figured at the time that it worked in my favor to not have a paper trail in case anything went wrong. 

  I agreed to pay a set amount of $650 a month for rent, (only verbally), and have paid this amount for one month already via venmo. I signed an agreement that I would be living on the property, but the document was only to agree to the homeowner's property rules. 

After I had made this agreement on a set amount of rent, the roommate who leased the house changed my rent price to $950 a month, I was aware he was trying to do this but I never agreed. The reason for him trying to charge me more was because our 4th roommate backed out. 

I am frustrated mainly because we initially based the room prices off of the size of the room. I had the smallest room and thus paid the smallest amount. When we lost the roommate, he wanted us all to pay the $950 and split is equally 3 ways. Even though his room is literally 3 times larger than mine and we agreed to pay for the size of our rooms. In our argument, he only demanded that I pay the $950 and wouldn't consider scaling the costs by a percentage. 

While trying to come to an agreement, he started making personal threats and said things were going to happen to me if I did not pay the $950 for the month. His family is extremely well off and legally intimidating to me as I don't have that kind of financial support. 

I sent the $650 I believed to have owed and he returned it to me saying that it is not the correct amount. I moved out of the house as I did not feel safe around him (he is schizophrenic as well...)  Currently, I have been talking to his family accountant who says if I do not pay the $950 she is going to have a collector come after me.

Without any paper trails, do I need to actually pay him anything? (I am aware this would be a dick move...he also said he was going to rape my unborn children) What is the legal standing of all of this? Is there a basis for a debt collector?   "
"Could I request to testify in court? Please fix my flair if it’s incorrect.

My MIL has a court date in February for assaulting her husband during marriage counseling, and she was arrested.

She and everyone who supports her knows she was in the wrong and are not trying to get her out of the consequences. My wife and I just want make sure that there is an honest testimony if it’s possible. We don’t believe there will be because he constantly provokes her and uses her for money, and she has codependency issues and is too dumb to leave him.

He is not a good guy and this is pretty much guaranteed to happen again. He filed for divorce and said he was going for alimony, but rescinded it as soon as she said that if she loses her job because of this, then he wouldn’t get alimony. Now they are working together to ensure they can stay together so he can still use her for money. All in the meanwhile, they fight every week about dumb stuff that they are never going to work past."
"Landlord gave me a fake invoice I accidentally broke the front door to my 2nd floor apartment. The damage to the door would have been preventable if the door wasn't in such poor condition. The landlord fixed the door the next day and gave me an invoice. The invoice does not detail any of the costs, it simply says ""Remove existing door, install new door with necessary hardware, $850"". There is no phone number, the company's name is misspelled and does not exist online, and the address is for a coffee shop. I also found the exact same or very similar door at Home Depot for $184. The new door was put in with a new door knob, the same hinges, and no alteration to the frame, which I don't believe cost $650. I think my landlord made a fake invoice to get extra money from me. What should/can I do?

Edit: The apartment is in Boston, MA"
"Is this a standard termination agreement? I reviewed the agreement, but I feel like I am missing something. Particularly while looking at section 4(a) of the agreement. I am located in California.

""4. Release. Tenant does hereby and for the respective heirs, executors, administrators,

successors and assigns of the undersigned, release, acquit and forever discharge (i) Landlord, (ii)

REDACTED, a California limited partnership, (iii) REDACTED, a Maryland corporation, ((i) –

(iii) are hereafter collectively referred to as “REDACTED”) and (vi) all of REDACTED

respective predecessors, successors, assigns, affiliated entities, partners, members, parent entities,

subsidiaries and any business entity in which REDACTED may own an interest, and

REDACTED agents, employees, representatives, attorneys, officers, directors, board

members, shareholders, contractors, subcontractors, assigns, receivers, heirs, spouses,

devisees, executors, trustees and settlors of and from any and all claims, actions, causes of

action, demands, rights, damages, costs, liabilities, expenses, and compensation whatsoever,

whether known or unknown, which Tenant now has/have or which may hereafter accrue on

account of or in any way arising out of the closure of parts or portions of the Community

including, but not limited to, closure of Recreational Facilities and other amenities, due to

COVID-19 or the related government declarations, proclamations, and/or orders.

(a) It is further understood and agreed by the undersigned that all rights under

Section 1542 of the Civil Code of California and any similar law of any state or territory of the

United States are hereby expressly waived. Said section reads as follows:

“1542. Certain claims not affected by general release. A general release does not

extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to

exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by

him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or

released party.”"
"Opening a business bank account under 2-member LLC, one of whom is based in EU? Hey! 

Me (based in Los Angeles, US) and my friend (based in EU) want to register an LLC and open a business bank account in the US for our business (also based in the US). I know registering a two member LLC shouldn't be an issue even with one of the members outside of US.

However, will there be any problems with opening a business bank account for that LLC? Does the bank require for both members to be US-based, or will it suffice that one of them is based in the US? 

Thanks!"
"A coworker of mine doesn’t do her tasks when she’s on clock. (KS) So I work at a grocery store and there are people who are assigned to go retrieve the carts from the parking lot. Well one of my coworkers treats this like a break. She hops in her friends car and sits there on her phone. Unauthorised break. Does this break any type of actual law considering it’s a monetary issue. Or is she just allowed to do this. Legally speaking.

She has been caught by management on multiple occasions and has not been fired."
"Can an at-risk individual get unemployment if they work at an essential business and quit due to the outbreak? [Iowa] My SO works in an essential business, and our county was relatively untouched for a while, but things are very rapidly getting out of hand. Our governor Covid Kim is re-opening 77 counties in the state despite the outbreak having not even plateaued yet in our state, much less being on the downswing. Long story short, my SO is in an at-risk group due to cardiovascular conditions that already cause minor to moderate problems with breathing. My SO is growing more and more stressed by the day, and recently started having nightmares about being back in the hospital due to traumatic events a few years ago.
 
I've seen a couple posts on here about workers getting doctors notes saying they would be at risk to go back to work. My SO however has never actually been out of work due to being in an essential service. Would a doctor's note be enough for her to seek unemployment if she had to outright quit her job?

As a secondary (but I assume far less likely) question - legally speaking would I qualify for FMLA for this? I'm not back at work just yet but if/when my job opens back up, it's a very customer-facing, close-quarters position. I'd be exposed to dozens of people a day. I have never had to take FMLA before but my impression was that it was mostly used for your own long-term illness or taking care of a close family member's same; would I qualify to use it proactively?"
"Employer wants everyone back June 1st. Whoever is not comfortable with it will be terminated. If I am terminated, will I still continue receiving unemployment? Title says it all. I got furloughed on March 23rd due to COVID. My mother-in-law, who is immunocompromised due to PI and recently had surgery moved in. While she recovers she’s living with my SO and I. His sister also lives with us, who is a nurse working in a COVID unit. So she (nurse sister) has isolated herself in the in law suite while she works so we can safely take care of MIL.

My boss called to inform me of the plan to bring back all employees on June 1st. I told him that I was not comfortable returning yet because of this, and while understanding, the owner of my company will be terminating anybody who doesn’t feel ready to return June 1st. 

It’s a bummer because I like my job but obviously my family’s health comes first. So if I’m terminated will I still be eligible to receive unemployment? Or is there someway they can deem it as me willingly not coming back?"
"Can I file a lawsuit against my University? My public University has mandated that all summer classes be conducted online. With each of these classes the school is requiring students to pay $80 per class as a ""distance fee"" This fee seems unreasonably high and although I have no evidence I do believe the school is using this fee in order to profit from the students. If this were to be true would I have a legal case?"
My landlords want me to move properties does this void my lease? I live in Lincoln, Nebraska. My landlords are my roommate's parents. I signed a year long lease with them in May of 2014. There is NOTHING in my lease that says anything about asking me to move properties. It is now 5 months into the one year lease. My roommate texted me tonight and said her parents found us a new house to move into and want to sell our property. I did not agree to moving properties. Would expecting me to move to the new house void the lease?
"USA Texas can my employer do this? I am almost 3 days away from being 7 months pregnant. I am required to work 50 hours a week due to my position. It is hourly pay. I work 5 10 hour shifts and i am required 2 days off. Well if someone calls in i usually have to cover or find coverage. Well that and i have scheduled 51 hours. Which is over my required 50 and the other assistant manager and the general manager only have scheduled 50 and i am the only one with 51 hours. Well one of our shift managers called in and i had to take the shift because i was the last manager there. So i worked about 13 and half hours. I am starting to feel burnt out. My ob/gyn has offered to give me a paper stating i can only work 8 hours a day. Will they be able to demote me because of this? I am worried about it because i cant keep working 11-15 hours a day. I dont get a break and i am on my feet for the entirety of the shift. I know in texas we arent required breaks and our company does not require them either. And since most of the time i am alone on my shift i cant get a break. I have to eat on the ""run""."
"Does this sound like a lease change fee or rent? Okay so gonna try to keep this as short as possible. I was living in Australia in a hotel/apartment. I had to return to my home country because of the pandemic. The building manager asked me to send proof that I was required by my school to go home and that she would facilitate cancellation of my lease with my roommate and reassign another girl in the building (who was friends with my roommate) to live in my old room. 

Long story short it took a really long time to process that, and the girl moved in at the end of April. When I left, I paid a month rent from mid March to mid April. 

My roommate contacted me saying I owe from mid April to beginning of a month May because nobody had moved in (which I’m going to pay). She said that I also owe a $500 lease change fee. This is where I’m unsure.

https://imgur.com/a/0O3fiMP

When I emailed the manager lady about what fees were charged this is what she told me. 

Does this not just sound like the girl’s unpaid rent from mid April to beginning of may?

TIA!!"
Do attorneys enforce the oath on witness stand? In other words would an attorney help a client produce a lie to tell in court, or is he required to hold the client to the truth?
"New landlord leased out apartment prematurely [US, WI] (Wisconsin, USA)

My partner and I are going to be moving into an apartment on June 15th, a little more than a month away, today her new landlord(bought out previous owner last fall) informed her they've already leased out the apartment she's currently in starting the first of June.

Her lease was from May 2019 to May 2020, with month-to-month renewal until 60 day notice was given. Her lease states ""..tenancy beyond the Lease Term shall be on a month-to-month basis, beginning the 1st day of the month succeeding the final month of the tenancy, under the terms and conditions of the Lease. Under all circumstances, TENANT must give and LANDLORD must receive WRITTEN notice of termination of tenancy AT LEAST 60 DAYS prior to the last day of the TENANT's final month.""

Does this in effect say we have to give 60 day notice that we're vacating, not the other way around? Are they allowed to remove us via email 25 days in advance? We gave notice last month saying we'd be out at the end of June and heard no response. We contacted again last week to make sure everything was still set for end-of-June and they responded saying we can do a one-month renewal. We accepted, but today they said the place was already rented out for the month of June. Is this something we can fight?"
"Texas muffler laws Unsure of whether or not I did the flair right or if this is the right place but imma send it

I'm considering doing a muffler delete as I've done it in the past but I was also in a one cop town at the time and he didn't care to enforce it nor did the shops there

My question is this, what would happen if I were to get punished for deleting a muffler off my truck and a follow up of if it would pass inspection."
"Received my first citation ever, careless driving. I want to fight it, I need help. I live in Florida. On my way to work (night shift) a spider jumped on my face from the side and scared the crap out of me. I slowed my car down ad slapped the spider off my face, and I saw it crawling up my shirt again so I freaked and tried swiping it off. The car drifted to the right and I scratched the car next to me. We pull over. The driver was a woman driver, but her husband is who came out of the car, very aggressively. My car had no damage and theirs was literally a scratch (because I had slowed down, the road we were on was a 30mph limit anyway so I got really slow). He walks around my car and sees a Georgia tag (the car at the time was under my dad's name, it's now in mine) and he flips out, saying it's illegal for me to drive a Georgia tag car with a Florida license, and that he should know he's a correction's officer, he's calling the police and I'm going to jail. During that time I had pulled out my registration and insurance info because since it wasn't even a scratch I didn't think it was going to escalate into police being involved.

The police arrives, asks if anyone's been hurt, all say no. I tell him the truth, spider jumped on me and scared me. He wrote me a careless driving ticket and drove off. I've never been pulled over in my life, never even had a parking ticket before, and I feel like this is unfair. I wasn't trying to get a spider on my face. Can I fight this? The court date is Feb 5, I think it's a bit too late for me to hire anyone, I was going to represent myself.

Thank you for all your help."
"Ex tenant wants to go to small claims Hello, I sub leased a room in UT to a tenant for 3 months. This person paid a deposit of $340 and did NOT sign a contract because all I required was 45-60 days notice if they were going to leave. I also told them the deposit would most likely be returned but not guaranteed. They gave 30 days notice but even towards the end of the month they were saying they might stay. They left the room messy and left food and a bunch of belongings I had to clean up. 
I wasn’t able to find a renter for two months. I used their deposit to pay their unpaid utilities and plus part of the first month without a renter. In the end I had to finger the extra costs but I never tried to collect because I figured that was the risk I took not requiring a signed contract.
They never sent their new address or inquired about the deposit. It’s been 6 months and I just got a message from them saying if I don’t pay back their deposit they would take me to small claims. 
Am I in any trouble here?"
"Do i have any leg to stand on? Hi all. So my partner and I have recently decided to move and i went to a house viewing and on the surface it all  seemed okay. Partially furnished, not anything special but didn't look like a dump either. We paid deposit and first months rent, today(10th of jan) is the official first day of our lease that we haven't yet signed. I come to take a look, and it's a mess. The toilet bowl is pissed all over, there's trash all over the bedroom under furniture, there's tobacco and weed in the drawers of the bedside table, there's bottles and  a PLATE under the sofa with like sause on it. I'm livid and disappointed. I asked him if it's possible for him to clean it up before we officially move in next month as i assumed it already would be sorted and he replied ""thanks but the place is exactly how it was when you viewed it and accepted it"" like ok sorry i didn't think to look into the toilet and all the drawers in the house as if everyone does that

Now I'll mention again that we haven't yet signed the lease. I have the document, but it isn't signed. There's no minimum lease period, it's on a monthly renewal system so there won't be no early cancellation fees.  

If i were to end the lease after the first month, would i get deposit back? Is there a way i can maybe get all of it back and just never go there again? This is all in the UK btw and any and all help and advice is appreciated."
"Wife Denied Unemployment - Advice for appeal? Hello all. Looking for some advice on my wive's unemployment situation. A little background: We live in Minnesota. My wife has an auto immune disease that makes her immune suppressed. She works in the healthcare field as a physical therapist, and knew early on that working through this pandemic wasn't a smart idea healthwise.

Weeks ago, she tried to be reassigned out of direct patient care. No luck. Her employer then decided to start furloughs, which my wive's supervisor thought was her best bet to get away from potential infection risk. Her employer promised to pay 50% of her salary and continue benefits. She took a 4 week furlough. We applied for unemployment the first chance we had. And here we are, four weeks later, her furlough now finished and we were just informed her benefits were denied.

My first thought was that it's because her employer was still paying 50% of her income,  however she has coworkers in the exact same position that have been receiving benefits and the extra $600 CAREs act for weeks now. Moving forward, my wife is now forced to take a medical leave of absence with no pay, so I'm assuming things may change, but it's such a cluster that I have no idea where to start.

My questions are this: for the appeal process, do we have any merit in eventually getting benefits seeing that my wive's auto immune disease is the reason for her leave (Her doctor wrote a note saying she should avoid patient care). Is there anything else I am missing here?

I would appreciate any help. I'm sort of lost and was hoping for some more thoughts and opinions. Thanks in advance!"
Is it legal to buy cheap future contracts and then sell it to a partner at a higher price over and over again to make it seem like there’s a higher Demand than there really is to try and raise the price of the underlying asset? As the title says I was wondering if there was legal way to do this . I know it would probably require a lot of capital to make the markets move the way you want  but could it theoretically be done or is it considered market manipulation/ insider trading?
"Appealing a conviction due to bad counsel? Hawaii I was convicted of 2 felonies in hawaii. Terroristic threatening and reckless endanger. My lawyer told me he got them down to misdemeanors and that all I had to do was sign these papers. After signing he says ""oh these are the old papers brb"" comes back an hour later and has me sign what I thought was the same papers. I go in to the court and plead guilty bc that was the agreement. After I'm released I'm told that I still have the felonies but my lawyer told me that he got them reduced. Now I'm in Texas and can't get a job bc of this. Can I appeal from Texas ? Can I get a public defender? I gave this guy 10k to get them reduced and he basically took my money and just signed whatever the first offer was to the prosecution and was like. Good luck. Oh and I'll die before I set foot in Hawaii again so that's not an option."
"Landlord charges for internet but doesn’t fix it When I first signed my lease in my apartment, I tried to negotiate the cable+internet package out and they refused, saying it was non-negotiable. They deal with Spectrum’s “Community Services”, which is different from regular Spectrum. Each apartment basically has their own WiFi and password and they’re out of the reach to the residents.
 
Since December 18 we’ve been without internet because Spectrum made a mass update that made our devices not work anymore. We’ve had multiple hour-long conversations with Spectrum representatives and have gotten 2 technicians to come to fix it and still no luck. I went to talk to the property manager, but she was too busy to talk to me, so after talking to the main desk lady, she said she’d help but encouraged us to call spectrum and figure it out ourselves. We haven’t gotten anywhere.
 
We paid rent two days ago.
 
Is there anything I could do to speed up the process or get a legal case here against the property for not taking accountability?

Edit: I’m in Florida.
 
TLDR; Have had no internet for 2 weeks. My community provides my internet, but it’s the internet provider’s fault. My community wants me to deal with them and fix it while I paid rent for internet I haven’t used. Any legal advice?"
"School found a THC pen/cart in my dorm room Due to the current situation, the school put my belongings in my dorm into storage for the next semester. In that process, my RA called me and said they found a ""dab pen"" in my room. I kinda froze and didn't really know what to say. I acted like I couldn't understand or hear what he was talking about but eventually I just said I think its my friends or something....He said that I will be updated further on what is going to happen but they will continue the packing process for now.

What am I supposed to do? Does anyone have an idea of how this is going to play out? How worried should I be. Any advice or help is appreciated, I'm really worried as of now.

Edit: I live in New York but attend college in North Carolina"
"The people who I pay rent to are withholding my security deposit until a new person is found to replace me. How should I proceed? I'm living in a house with three people. I think two of them have their names on the lease and me and the other person don't. The two with the names on the lease are my ""landlords"" and I pay rent to them. I've never signed any paperwork, and I did not agree to this security deposit withholding when I came. 

They are very much taking advantage of me on purpose, and the person who told me this is passive aggressive.

I'm leaving next month and have given their required notice of 30 days (or like 25 days but I don't mind paying the whole 30 to adhere to their notice requirements). Because I've paid in cash I don't have any way to get the money from them after I leave. 

What options do I have here? What's the best way to get my security deposit back? Barring finding a new person, because that's very difficult and I don't feel responsible for filling their apartment. It's normally a legal requirement of the landlord, but because nobody signed anything they seem to be putting that responsibility on me

Thanks for all the help. US, California."
"A question about convicted felons records ... [NY] Quick backstory ..
When I was 17b, I got extremely high on klonopin,  blacked out , accidentally set a house on fire , [ only did 65$ worth of damage to the paint on the concrete house] and because of my terrible luck , someone set 3 trucks on fire about a mile away from where I set the house up.
Because my lawyer told me it was in my beat interest to do so , I admitted to both of the crimes , neither of which I have any recollection of .
I currently owe 11,000$ in restitution,  and I've been on parole for 2 years , [only three left , wee!]
So five years in prison , and 2 years on parole later , I'm wondering how I need to go about expunging my record .
Any help whatsoever would be perfect .
Thanks !"
"[NYC] Apartment wants me to move out early...and not prorate my rent I am breaking my lease to move across the country. I found a new tenant for my apartment, and my apartment allowed me to break the lease because I had found one. EDIT: To be clear, they have officially signed a lease with the new tenant, she informed me earlier this week.

After signing the lease with the new person, they notified me that I have to leave on February 19th instead of the end of the month. I told them they would have to pro-rate me for the last bit of the month. They communicated that they would not do that and were taking the full month's rent ""as a fee"" for me breaking my lease.

In addition, on the phone the woman was already making comments about my deposit like ""we'll need to paint and clean which will come out of your deposit"" which was a major red flag for me. I told her that it was very clear that usual wear and tear cannot come out of a deposit and she immediately got defensive. I'm worried they are going to try and take my deposit, not prorate my rent AND I ended up paying for all of February.

A few questions:

1. Is what they are doing regarding pro-rating my rent legal?

2. My lease doesn't say anything about the pro-rating of rent or breaking of lease terms. Does that mean their ""policy"" is not legally binding? Could I sue them over the money?

3. In NYC is it illegal or will it cause me problems to tell them my deposit is the last months rent and be done with it?

Thank you for your help!"
"To sue or not to sue (TX) This is going to be a long one so buckle up. 

I (M32) divorced my EX (F31) in 2016. The divorce was finalized in 2017. 

The part that I’m needing advice on is regarding the sale of the house. Per our decree, any and all proceeds from the sale of the house were to be split 50-50. 

Just prior to the closing on the house 10/19,she decides that she wants a bigger portion of the money. We negotiate with a final agreement of her getting 15k, me getting the residual money ~13k and getting some items she was holding as collateral back. 

We sign at different times and I’m informed by the title company that there will be a check coming from either them or the bank holding the mortgage for escrow overage. I was informed that if it came from the title company, I would have the whole amount deposited into my account. 

Fast forward to early November of 2019, I call the mortgage holder and inquire about the check status and to what address it is being sent. I’m informed that it hasn’t been sent yet and the address they have on file is for EX new residence. I have them change it to my address and wait. 

Fast forward to to the end of December, I contact mortgage holder again regarding said check that has not arrived yet. I’m informed that it was mailed but nothing has been done with it. They will reissue and send to my address. 

Yesterday, I receive a piece of mail from the mortgage holder. I open it expecting a check and inside is a check, a CANCELLED check. The information on it shows that it was deposited into EX account on 11/18/19. 

Today, I contact EX , via text, asking when I can come get the full amount of the escrow check $1452.74 USD. I was informed that, by her, that I’m entitled to only half because she paid property taxes out of her portion too. ( She didn’t, she got 15k flat rate and I get the rest.)

I was told after some back and forth that “half or nothing” was her final offer. 

Should I go ahead and take her to small claims court? If so, how should I go about filing it?"
"NC-Counterclaim paragraph numbers used twice and other mistakes. Currently going through a divorce in NC in which I filed at the plaintiff for Child Custody, Child Support, Equitable Distribution, and Absolute Divorce. After waiting an additional 30 day extension that the STBX asked for she finally filed a Motion to Dismiss, Answer, and Counterclaim for Divorce from Bed and Board, Child Custody, Child Support, Attorneys Fees, Equitable Distribution, Post Separation Support, &amp; Alimony on the final day with 30 minutes to spare. She enjoys dragging things out.

STBX is asking for my claim of Absolute Divorce to be dismissed in favor of a Divorce from Bed and Board. We disagree about the separation date so she does not want an Absolute Divorce to be possible until August even though we actually separated in March. We have not lived together since March and when we stopped living together I considered the marriage was over. Would the court dismiss my absolute divorce claim?

The interesting part though is that in her counter claim as she is listing her paragraphs (1, 2, 3, ....) she ends up duplicating herself. Her entire counterclaim should be 1-34 but she duplicated 22-26. Her entire counter claim ends at paragraph 29. These cover her counterclaims for Post Separation Support as well as Alimony. How am I supposed to draft a reply with such an error since I have to respond to each specific paragraph? Could this play into my favor in any way? Could I file a motion to dismiss those claims?

In another section she asks for joint legal and shared physical custody yet on her summary page at the end she asks for joint legal and primary physical custody. Any issue with her using different wording or how this might help me?

She has a lawyer who drafted all of this for her but the more I look at it the more little problems I am finding. I also have a lawyer but won't be able to meet with him until next week. I am just wanting to be proactive and try to get everything in order and prepare as much as I can. 

Any advice is greatly appreciated!"
Progressive making a claim when my brother wasn’t the cause About a year or 2 ago my brother was hit while riding his bike and nothing came about it until recently when he got a letter from the court saying that he had 20 days to get a lawyer and defense or pay 1500 for damages, what can be done it this situation?
"I have a ticket due in 4 days (In Saskatchewan, Canada)

TLDR; what happens if I don't pay my ticket on time? How can I pay it if I can't afford it?

I had recieved a ticket in July so I went to court in October to get it reduced. It was originally $580 but now it's $480. I have not been able to save up because all of my paychecks went to rent and food. Now I just lost my job due to unforeseen circumstances and I only have $200. Rent is due on the 1st and the ticket is due on the 31st. I called the provincial court but they are closed until the 2nd. I called SGI and they gave me a different number to call. I called them, which put me on an international call to America. I can't afford to pay any international call rates, so I hung up. What do I do? What will happen if I can't pay it on time? Is there any way I *can* pay it on time? 

Thank you in advance for any responses"
"(Ontario) Custody and visitation of infant daughter. A little background...

I was with my boyfriend for 6 years when we found out I was pregnant. It was at that point he flipped his lid and began behaving irrationally - he had a great job he quit, started drinking heavily/using drugs occasionally, sold his car so we could move across the country (an idea that came to him in the night) and in the end he started to withdraw from me and our relationship, all the while refusing to work and help me with preparing for our child. I finally got it out of him that he didn't want to be a father, that he had planned on it being just us (neither of us wanted kids) and that he wanted nothing to do with the child. I ended our relationship and am now a single mother to my 5 month old daughter.

When she was born he changed his tune. He wanted to see her and work on us being a family. I was all for him seeing her and for three nights a week we would visit his house for a few hours so he could spend time with her. We had discussed getting back together and in order to do so I requested he try to get his act together for her - for the last few months he stopped the drinking/using drugs, he's been working steadily and things were looking up. All this time though I have been solely providing for her financially and caring for her while living in my own home.

Last month he went back to his old ways and I think it's time that I just take this to court so we don't have to deal with each other. I'm nervous about custody/visitation though - will the courts allow him over night/unsupervised visits? The thought of leaving her alone with him makes my stomach lurch. He has no patience for her when she cries, he's never changed a diaper, and in the 5 months she's been alive he's maybe fed her a handful of times (she's bottle-fed). The latter two I can handle, but I don't want her alone with someone who sees her as an inconvenience. 

I'm also nervous about custody, though I don't particularly feel I have a reason to be. I have my own home, a great job, and if I may say so myself I'm a very loving and attentive mother. He's just been acting so irrational that I'm afraid he would try to get custody, whether partial or sole, just to have something over me. 

I want him to be a part of her life if he can get his head out of his ass and work on whatever issues he's having, but this came on pretty suddenly and he seems like he's quite comfortable with his new self. 

Any advice is appreciated, thank you!"
"Friend paid deposit on an apartment but still have renters and can’t move in. Washington State 

A friend was planning to  move into an apartment in my complex this week. They paid the deposit, and the previous tenants were to be out by the end of May. 

The [eviction moratorium ](https://www.washingtonlawhelp.org/resource/coronavirus-you-cannot-be-evicted-if-you-cannot-pay-the-rent#a) was extended across the state by our governor. 

So now The tenants can’t be evicted—-so my friend can’t move in—-but the agency is not returning the deposit."
"A car bumped into mine from the back and my car got completely destroyed. Insurance says they won't pay So I was driving in traffic when a car (speeding) bumped into mine and it got destroyed. No injuries apart from some pain in the back and neck (which is not that much).

They were supposed to pay 100% for the car if there was no possible way to fix it (or at least their insurance). Today they told there was no possible fix (or it would be higher than buying a new car), so the only way is getting a new one, but the insurance refuses to pay for a new one and are only willing to pay tor the price of the old one, which is an old car from 1997 and run by gasoline, which isn't probably worth any significant thing.

What can I do? The little amount of money they're probably willing to give isn't even enough for a bad car nowadays."
"Theoretical Rape/murder Case So I was having a conversation with a friend and given the following situation, what would the outcome be?

If a man comes home to a man raping his daughter, and the man proceeds to shoot the rapist, what would become of the man? Would the murder be understood or does the situation have to be life threatening to the man's daughter? 

Again this is just out of curiosity from a conversation with a friend. Thanks!

Edit: Let's assume this is in Indiana, just for arguments sake but information of other states would be cool to know too. "
"Deceased husband's family threatening me with lawsuit, and claiming his insurance? I married my husband in secret years ago. This was due to the abusive nature of his family toward us both. So we lived away from them and they had no idea I was married to him. We also had two children without their knowledge. Husband died recently in a car accident. He never updated his life insurance due to it being a ""family plan"" with his parents. So now they found out about our secret family, and they are pissed. They are claiming all the insurance money for themselves, and I got served with a lawsuit for emotional distress for keeping the marriage and grandchildren a secret. They are also requesting visitation rights for seeing my children. I'm still trying to get a good lawyer that I am comfortable with.

My questions are: is there any way to contest the life insurance going to his parents? Would a spouse be able to make a claim on it over his parents? Can this lawsuit get dropped? How likely is it that they can win both the lawuit and visitation rights? State is New Jersey."
"My employer has been cutting 2-6 hours off my check, its random everytime. Advice? I have been working at this warehouse for a year now, just this Tuesday (5/26) I put in my two week notice but my last day will be (6/05). I have been keeping track of my hours for the past two months, before that I assumed my checks were correct since the amount seemed right in my ball park. 
I don’t go to work on Thursdays &amp; I miss work sometimes because of school, car troubles and dentist appointments so I can get pretty lazy doing the math. Just right now, I’ve been doing the math and already, I have up to $100 stolen from me! 
I dont really care about my job nor my relationship with them, its a pretty bad environment and Im leaving to find a job that fits my skill level. 
What should I do? Should I check EVERY single paycheck that i have/can? I dont think it’d be possible to count which days ive missed or went home early. If i go to them directly Im sure theyre just going to try to talk their way out of it or come up with some b.s excuse. Should I contact the BBB? Im a 19 yr old male, this is technically my first job. I worked on the side with my dad before this."
"[New York] I paid my half of a 12 month co-leased apartment with my ex-SO. Now I am moving out. Does my SO owe me any money? Myself and my now ex-SO co-leased an apartment for one year. The lease began in June 2019 and runs until May 30, 2020. We are both students. Our landlord is extremely accommodating and waited patiently for our Financial Aid to come through before we paid rent. I paid $4500 upfront in September. I believe there are two ways to interpret this payment.

1. I paid in full six months rent for both myself and my SO, in essence, June-December.
2. I paid my entire half of the 12 month lease.

My SO dropped the ball on their financial aid this past semester, so they decided they would pay their half in January when the next disbursement of money came through. Our landlord was totally cool with this.

Well now we're separated. I have family in neighboring towns, so it makes the most sense for me to move out until I find new housing. But still, I feel like I am getting screwed financially here. I paid six months rent, my ex has paid nothing. They got to live in our apartment for free for six months and now I have to move out. I feel like I am owed half of my $4500 payment. I paid rent for the both of us under the impression our relationship would last the duration of the lease. In essence, I paid my half of the full 12 month lease, but I only got to live here for six months. We shared the space for six months and now they get to enjoy the apartment without another cohabitant.

I don't think I would actually pursue legal action, as our split was rather amicable (about as amicable as a long term relationship breakup can be). But I'm just curious, do I have a case here? I'm in New York State by the way."
Freelancing in other countries? So I am planning to start sailing around the world next December or this December depending on Covid. I will be starting in the Caribbean and will need an income of money. Now I plan on helping other cruisers with repairs and other maintenance, mostly electrical repairs. Is this allowed? Do I need a certain permit to be able to do this type of freelancing work?
"[AL] Ex not upholding vague custody arrangement in divorce, won't sign agreement, scared to see sexist judge again with no lawyer. Options? (long) When we got divorced, I qualified for free legal representation through an organization that helps (among others) people in abusive relationships get out. Ex did not have one, and refused to file for divorce for over a year because he couldn't be bothered to hire one. We were scheduled with a backwoods judge, and my attorney advised me not to mention abuse because this judge simply ""doesn't believe in domestic abuse"". He recognized her anyway, and made condescending remarks about us ""not getting along"" and ""not playing nice"" while smiling at my ex. It was disgusting. But I got my divorce and he got standard visitation. I was glad it was over. 


When I received the divorce in the mail, all it said was that the father was to get the child from Friday to Sunday on alternating weekends. Nothing about transportation, times, restrictions on travel, me knowing where he is, pick-up/drop-off locations... nothing. My ex is an emotionally abusive person and of course this has turned out to be a disaster. I only communicate with him via email, and only about our son. Every single weekend of his, we end up exchanging a dozen or more emails trying to iron out the details. He refuses to answer, insults me, does everything he can to hold on to me communicating with him, before he actually gives me an answer. (I printed several emails just from the past couple of months, calling me a whore, a slut, saying nasty things about my body, hoping I get raped and murdered, etc. and attempted to get an order of protection to keep him from talking to me like that. It didn't meet the standard for abuse so he can do whatever he wants I guess.) And then, almost always, he tells me on Sunday that he won't be returning him after all, but will take him to school on Monday. 


He lives with his mother where our son doesn't even have his own bed-- let alone his own room. Many, many of his weekends, our son is with his mom or his dad, because he's ""working"", which of course I don't find out until later. I also have found out a few times that they went out of town with him, and no one let me know where they were. He doesn't have to answer to me on any of that because the divorce doesn't specify. 


All I want is a detailed, specific custody arrangement from the court. Nail down the times, meeting place, etc. I'd also love it if my son had to stay with me if my ex had to ""work"", rather than be with my ex's parents, who really don't have that right. I want those weekends if he can't bother to make himself available. I'd also love it if my ex could only take him so far on his weekends, or have to notify me of taking him anywhere more than x miles away. (He has a significant drinking problem, but I know that would be impossible to prove.) Bottom line, I don't want to be forced to communicate with him this way every single time. I don't think that's too much to ask.


I know I don't need a lawyer to go back before the judge for this (although I'm not sure of the process). I know that the divorce says we can make our own agreement in writing, but he won't go for that. But I honestly feel like I won't get a fair shake from that judge. I know many other women who had him for their divorces and even with proof of drug arrests, abuse, etc. he always favors dads. I've been told I have to go back to the same judge who issued the divorce. 

All local lawyers I've contacted require a $2500 retainer. That is literally my entire savings. If I hire a lawyer, can he use the disgusting emails to help me somehow (it evidently isn't illegal)? How do I know if I'd go over the $2500? Will me allowing him to bend the custody arrangement in the past hurt me? What happens if we do get this arrangement fixed and he still doesn't uphold it? Is there anything I can do about him not upholding it now, or is the divorce too vague? I am almost considering just not allowing him to get our son again, so that he has to take me to court if he wants him. Although I know that's a bad idea, especially with this judge.

I'm sorry, I know this is a lot. Thank you for reading. I don't know what to do. I'm afraid to spend $2500 just to not be able to pay anything else and have the case stall. "
Got a speeding ticket in RI, cop said I could dismiss if I had my license for 3+ years? which I have. Do I have to go to court to do this? or is there an easier way out
"{TENNESSEE} Eviction Procedures? Good day, I work in the aviation industry and have been laid off since early March. I have not paid rent since February, the office put a note in our door of ""14 days before eviction is filed."" It is now May and I have not heard of anything yet. It has been very difficult, I've tried unemployment and everything is on hold for me.

 I feel horrible about this as it feels to me like I'm taking advantage of living for free and have never been in this situation before, I am paranoid every time I hear a knocking sound, I can't sleep well, I'm scared they will come with the police and kick us out and keep our belongings... I've read a lot of things that people have experienced and I have no idea what can happen, I don't really have a plan. 

I know at the end of this month my lease is over. I am trying to leave before that but can someone please tell me what can happen? I read that because of COVID19 a lot of courts and everything was shut down and even evictions weren't going through. How should I proceed, whar are my options? I was relying on getting unemployment and with a bit of what used to be my savings maybe pay some of the rent at least, but I have been very bad at this. I did not plan for any of this, I'm only 23 trying to work and survive.. I appreciate some help please.. Thank you for your time."
What are the consequences of failing to give 60 days notice before moving out, as required in my lease agreement (North Carolina)? I've been job prospecting in other cities after getting laid off in February, largely because rent is expected to climb in my current area once the Amazon Fulfillment center gets up and running. I haven't moved anywhere yet since I don't know where my first successful job offer will be located, but when I get that offer, I'm going to have to move pronto. My current lease agreement has a clause requiring a 60-day notice for anticipated moves. In all likelihood, I may only be giving 7 to 14 days notice when that opportunity comes. My lease agreement says that the property can charge me attorney fees that may exceed the costs of actual rent. It doesn't explicitly mention anything about court summons for the tenant. Other than losing money, what's the worst consequence that I can be subject to as a result of breaking lease and giving inadequate notice?
Scammed by Apple for 2350$ I have been using my Apple ID for 3-4 years and especially my iTunes account. I run digital businesses on almost all social media Platforms. My customers primary mode of payment is Bank Transfer or PayPal but in some cases i accept GiftCards as payment. Recently my apple ID was disabled in app store and iTunes, I didn’t know what to do. I emailed Apple support but they didn’t answer so i had to recharge my mobile carrier with alot of money to start an international call to apple. They picked and listened to my issue. They said in 24-48 hrs they will respond me, this was said by a person from iTunes senior support. 3 days passed I didn’t receive any email or call. I recharged my carrier again and called Apple. I told them my case ID and i was put into contact with a female advisor who said she is now taking over the last person that talked to me. Within a minute she told me that we cannot re enable your Apple ID. I was like ok whats the reason, i have proof of purchasing the apple cards and redeeming them with proof of ownership of whats my work and i have acquired these payments legally. She started to change the topic and starts guiding me about apple business accounts. I interrupt her and say, im sorry but i asked why is my account disabled? She says she cannot provide any info on that and asks me to go to apples website and their policy section. Ok so i go there and there is nothing related to my issue. Again im helpless, i had a 2350$ Apple ID balance that i had worked hard to collect for over a year. Besides that i had used over $15000 on appstore in the past 3 years. So i mail her again and she replies me’ im sorry i cannot help you, visit this link to sort out your problem, we won’t be replying to this case anymore. Have a good day. I was shocked because i knew they have disabled my ID without any official reason and I know that they don’t have a reason because i had acquired the money legally. Its been a week and im still helpless at this point. Someone please help me get my money back. I cannot sleep at night thinking about my loss and how am i going to cover all that up just makes me depressed and not wanting to do anything more in life because everyone just cares about themselves like apple who just ran away with my money.
"Is it legal for me to sell my personal stock/cryptocurrency trades and analysis in a public group? So I'm a pretty good trader on the Bitcoin/stock market and I've had a lot of people ask me to help them with making some extra cash to the side. So I've decided to setup a company where people can buy a monthly subscription on my socialmedia channel and get a full overview of my trades / analysis on the market. Now keep in mind I'm not telling anyone to follow my trades / thoughts on the market. I will have a disclamer that says it's only an opinion and it's important to do your own research. Is this enough or should I add more to it? Also, would it be allowed to post my profit margin on my website?

&amp;#x200B;

Netherlands, EU (Question is about US laws not Dutch laws)"
"Postmates charged my bank account $85 for a year long subscription to Unlimited even though I cancelled my free trial in time and was told I would not be charged. **Location: Pittsburgh, PA**


I opted into a Postmates Unlimited account one night for the 7-Day free trial with full intentions of cancelling on the final day. The disclaimer on the Postmates website said I would not be charged for cancelling. On the final day of my trial, I cancelled my Unlimited account and received [this email](https://imgur.com/gallery/PjMTI) telling me my account was cancelled and I would not be charged.



The following day, I get a notification from my bank account telling me that $85 was taken out of my account and that my account was overdrawn. I contacted Postmates customer support multiple times over the past 24 hours requesting a refund because my account was wrongfully charged. After getting fed up from a lack of a response, I discovered that Postmates wrongfully charging people and having awful customer service is not a new thing. They list no phone number on their website to call.


Do I have any legal right to do anything in this situation? I wasn’t sure if this should be tagged as small claims or as contracts, but I would really like any help possible. Thank you in advance!"
statute of limitations for a tolling agreement (CA) It seems california did something with statute of limitations. How would that apply to a tolling agreement that was set to expire last month? Would it extend it 90 days or would it not apply?
"Video Evidence - possible lawsuit I have video recording of an entire event of me being stuck by a motor vehicle and having right of way and being aware of surroundings. 
I was denied no fault benefits in stage of Michigan from assigned insurance as I didn't carry a policy.
Would it damper on my outcome or have any negative effect on I'd I pursue a case?"
Unfair dismissal I work part time at my local pub, and have done for 2 years, even after the landlord changed. Now the new landlord has decided to sack me giving the reason that I drank cordial(water+juice) without paying for it. All my family have drank in this pub for numerous years and will all be boycotting but is there any grounds for unfair dismissal as I haven't ever been told to pay for drinks(if alcohol I would but I don't drink) and they didn't ask me to pay or warn me that I should be paying after seeing and just sacked me.
"Mentioning other companies on your companies website..? Legal Wizards,

   I am throwing together a landing page in the next week or so to start collecting both user emails and potential clients (B2C Companies). We have several clients that have already stated that they will use our product (Light verbal agreement), as well as several clients that we believe would be a great fit for our product.

My question is can I mention another company by name on the site, obviously it would not say/provoke anything negative but if we have not spoken with them and simply had their name on our site with no context could we get in trouble. Also, with companies I have spoken with we are going to write up small 'testimonial' quotes, my belief here is that as long as I have their verbal consent I can quote them. 

Any and every piece of advice is appreciated. Thank you very much, Shoger From Boston, MA

Edit: Location"
"Left the house and the country due to the current global situation, still have 2 months on my contract, can i not pay them and get my deposit back? (Eu) I pay my rent per month, due to the covid situation i had to flee the country, i packed all my stuff and cleaned the house.
Now the question is: Can i not pay the rent and still get my deposit back? 

( i know its unfair for the owner but money's really tight now due to the covid)

The deposit is equal to 2 months of rent , so if i dont pay the owner would take the deposit. 

Should i still pay for an empty house?

Europe."
"[VA] I got into an accident, company told me to release my car to another company, now it’s in a different state and told us to come retrieve it if we want to keep it I got into an accident about a week and a half ago where I rear-ended a car in front of me. The car visually looks undrivable because of the way the passenger side of the hood popped up but there was no damage to the engine.

I called my insurance company and they said they didn’t have agents around here to assess the damage so they had to work through another company to be able to get an estimate and deemed whether it was totaled or not.

My mom is the owner of the car since it’s under her name so she got called about the status of the car yesterday. They said the total damages were ~$6500. My car is a 2009 Honda Civic with almost 130,000 miles on it. I guess by their formula they have deemed it a total loss.

My situation is this, the company that did the estimate apparently transported it to Pennsylvania to do the estimate since my insurance told me to release it to them. They offered us a price of ~$6000 if we sell it to them. However, if we wanted to get our car back, they offered ~$4500 AND we would have to retrieve it from PA. I don’t know what I should do. I was led to believe they were simply doing an estimate and get it back but I didn’t think they were taking it to another state. Now I want my car back so we can find a body shop that may be able to repair the damages for us. Did I incriminate myself by releasing it to the other company? Can I demand my insurance figure out a means of transportation to get my car back? What should I do?"
Is my employer required to give me my vacation hours? (Tennessee) So recently I quit my job at Kroger Co. I’ve been working there for about a year and five months and I have vacation days/hours I have not used. I am 17 and wondering if they are required to give me those hours in the state of Tennessee. Thank you for your help 
"Ex boyfriend sent a nude picture of me to at least one other person. What can I do about it? CANADA I have sent nude pictures to 2 boyfriends in the past. One of them, I cannot determine which one, has sent a picture of me to an acquaintance. I found out that that the acquaintance has been showing this picture to other people. One of the people the acquaintance showed told me about it. I confronted the acquaintance and he apologized, but would not tell me if he had shown it to anyone else or where he got the picture. He said it was deleted. But I don't believe him.

What can I do legally? This happened a year ago. The picture may have been sent even before this.

I tried forgetting about it and letting it go but I can't. It's plaguing me. I don't know which boyfriend sent it to the acquaintance, I don't know how many people saw it, or if it is still circulating. I'm considering seeing a therapist.

Any advice would be appreciated."
TW: Sexual Assault I was molested and verbally harassed by a coworker at a party. I told all of my bosses, and no one has done anything about it. It’s been months and he still works here, and it makes me extremely uncomfortable. Because it didn’t occur at work, is there anything that my bosses actually could’ve done and just refused to, or may have been unaware of? This has just really been taking a toll on my mental health, and I can’t make the money I make at this job somewhere else so it’s not really an option right now. I have looked around and tried as well. Also, I am transgender, and some of his derogatory comments related to that.
"Unemployment asking if I still work for jobs I've never actually worked for Note: I'm writing this post for my dad, so I apologize if some replies might take a little as I have to consult with him for details.

My dad was just asked by his employer to take 5 weeks off work as they're struggling with distributing hours to their employees. He's welcome to come back after 5 weeks, but until then he can't work, so he applied for unemployment claims.

During his application, it asked him if he is still working for several companies he's never worked for in his life. We looked them up and they weren't parent companies or anything, one was a computer related place a few cities over and he doesn't know a thing about technology (as you can see by me writing this post for him).

Is this an indication of identity theft or fraud? Any insight would be appreciated. Thank you."
"[PA] Lease about to start for a group of students, but some are not planning on returning to campus and parents are trying to find a way out or some solution I am in a group of college students who signed a lease for a house in January. We've already paid a security deposit of one month's rent and the lease starts on June 1st. With the whole pandemic, our school is shut down and we have no certainty of an on-campus fall semester, so some of the parents are of the opinion that we should not pay rent for a house that we have not moved into and that we do not plan on moving into. This is a really big concern since a lot of us have lost our summer internships and parents are in jeopardy of losing their jobs.

The issue is that they are demanding us to send in the last month's rent, and 3 post-dated checks to cover the 3 months of summer (these were specified in the lease). The original plan was to find subletters for those of us not staying in the house until the start of the school year, but now, it is much harder to find subletters since the world is on lockdown. We're becoming more and more concerned that they will take legal action on us. The lease states that to break the contract, we must pay the full amount stated (12-month lease) and we will be required to pay for legal proceedings for both parties if we were to be sued (from our understanding of the wording).

A few members of the group are willing to move-in if possible, but some others are definitely not planning to return, so those parents are not willing to send multiple months of rent and sign the guarantor agreement. We will attempt to negotiate a rent reduction and a delay in rent to find subletters and whatever else we can.

Are we at risk of being sued if some parents don't sign and pay? Are we able to negotiate now even though the lease was signed many months prior or are they legally able to demand us for everything? If we are able to negotiate, what are things we can ask for? And if not, what would happen if the lease terms are not fulfilled considering most of the parents never signed the guarantor agreement and most families are in different states/countries?

Thanks in advance!"
"Mother keeps blackmailing father for more money even though he pays child support Hello I’m 18 and live in Baltimore City, Maryland with my father and sister. 

Essentially my mother and dad were married for a couple of years, my mother had multiple affairs, there was lots of stuff that went on between us growing up and now; eventually my mother met a woman and decided to get with her, the female being half her age as well. When they got separated my mother came to the house and took everything, even stuff she did not personally buy. She moved out and left us there but would constantly demand that the girls ( my sister) move with her so she could claim child support, that’s all she was worried about from the beginning was money, it continues on with her moving from place to place because she couldn’t afford it. When the divorce papers were filed she placed custody of my sisters to herself; without my fathers knowledge and had him sign them. Now we are in a situation where she continuously blackmails him for money when she doesn’t have enough to afford her bills which we can provide proof of her spending her money irresponsibly to begin with. We want to possibly get custody of my sister under my dads name in attempts to avoid the blackmail and keep My sister where she wants to be and is happy at. I can provide more information as needed. "
"Fighting a Reckless Driving citation So, my gf got a reckless driving ticket when leaving a Buffalo Wild Wings parking lot. She took a left turn in front of a cop purely by accident because she didn’t see the unmarked vehicle.

The cop was off duty and had another cop come by just to write her a ticket. My gf wasn’t mad or anything, she kept apologizing to the cop over and over again.

My gf also has a clean driving record. Never once gotten a ticket. Do you have any advice on how she can win in court? Do both officers have to be present in court on the court date to face my gf?"
"California Landlord Refusing Pre Move-Out Inspection due to COVID I am a tenant of a Los Angeles apartment moving out at the end of the month. Days ago, I received a notice in the mail asking if I would like a pre move out inspection with someone from the leasing office (as per California law). I emailed the leasing office saying yes, however they replied saying they are not doing inspections due to COVID, and they suggested I take pictures before I leave. I worry they will pocket some money from my deposit after I move out even though the apartment is in immaculate condition (apart from very minor wear and tear).

What should I do?"
"Bay City Michigan, Apartments claimed they would be coming in to change air filter and check fire detectors, they also performed an inspection and have threatened with eviction. As far as I can gather from http://www.michiganlegalaid.org/library_client/resource.2005-05-30.1117489736931/html_view
There is not enough useful information about inspections and housing for my state available online for me to present the apartments with a case as to why they are wrong for what they are doing.

They sent out a post card to every apartment/townhouse in the complex stating they would be replacing the furnace filters and checking to make sure the smoke detectors were working correctly. They also supposedly (although I have not seen it) claimed they sent out similar information stating they would be inspecting apartments because other tenants have been leaving the apartments damaged. 

As far as I am concerned, they are not allowed to do these inspections. That is what a security deposit is for, to cover damages when the tenant moves out.
My main issue is that I cant seem to find information online to help me to understand if what they are doing is actually legal or not.
I also am unsure of who to contact to find out for sure.

tl;dr  apartments said they were replacing an air filter and checking smoke detectors. Turns out they snooped though my house and are saying we ruined the carpet and want us to fix it. Only the apartment personnel were present during their ""search"".

Who do I ask for help?
Does anyone have any experience with this issue?



edit:
according to 
http://www.michiganlegalaid.org/library_client/resource.2005-05-30.1117489737513/html_view

Last sentence of the third paragraph: ""You have the right to be present whenever someone enters and the right to refuse entry.""
Their notices always state that ""No appointments will be made!!!""  
That in itself is refusing tenants what is essentially a tenant right to be present while a landlord enters the home. Right?
"
Is there a way to break a 12 month lease if a tenants safety is at stake? I have a 12 month lease with my current apartment. Every since day one we have had nightmare neighbours. After months they finally got evicted, but they must’ve cut keys for all of their buddies because now random people are sleeping in my hallway doing drugs and are trying to break into the empty suite. Just a minute ago three dudes tried to force the door down. A week ago a lady got her face kicked in by one of the “friends” of these people. I fear for my safety. How can I make my landlord change the locks on the building or let me out of my lease?
"6 month pregnant wife position eliminated due to company wide reorganization - NJ My wife received an email from HR stating they are undergoing a company wide reorganization.  Due to the restructuring, her position was eliminated effected at close of business day, today.  
Her supervisor had no clue and HR has not picked up the phone.  She does not have a blemish on her record.  They have been trying to hire more of her position.  This is all out of left field.  Are there any options here?"
Can my 17M Parents move without my consent ? They want to move and I should change schools,  leave my friends and my summer job behind.. I don’t want to move because I will be repeating a year of school, and I don’t want to lose my friends. Is there something I can do about it ?
"Delaware. My best friend just got assaulted by his gf. Then his gf told him she was calling the cops. He took her phone and left the house and is on the run. I need help, please. They are both on the lease for the house. She punched him in the face and his glasses smooshed into one of his eyes. He says his face is very bloody. 

After she punched him, she threatened to call the cops and report a domestic assault on him. Stupidly, he took her phone and left the house on foot. Cruisers are now patrolling the neighborhood. He's not going to be picked up if he doesn't want to be. 

Most of what he owns is inside the house. She has to work tomorrow and so she will be gone during the day tomorrow. He is bundled up and can survive the night if need be.

What is his best immediate course of action? 

Thanks people. He needs help, bad."
"Registering an LLC So can I get a UPS street address for my organizer, registered office address, and mailing address?
And get a registered agent and use their address for registered agent?
And should I use a generic info@ or contact@ email alias for email for official notices?"
Help with finding out if my family is keeping any inheritance from me, after my father and grandmother passed away 2 part question and kind of long but please, bear with me. Okay, so out of the blue, I get a call from a lawyer representing my late grandmother(on my mom's side) informing me she's got a check for a substantial amount of money..thats amazing and great and more money than I know what to do with...where do I go from here to help make that money grow and not just blow it all? Second part is...a year ago my father passed and my stepmother said I had a TSA under my name, that he had set up for me when I was a kid, we didn't have much of a relationship past my 12th birthday (I'm 30 now btw), anyways..upon returning back to NC from where my father died..she reneged and said she thought he did, but that he must of canceled it before passing..then offers to buy me a $10k car. Well, my dad's mom passed recently as well and I'm sure she left money for me, but I know my uncle's and aunts would be the type to keep that from me. My question here is, how do I go about finding out if my dad and his mom (my grandma) left me money without having to ask my uncle/aunt/stepmom...full disclosure they would hide this money because I was an opiate addict for a long time..but I've been clean and out of contact with them for 5 years.
"How does the extra $600/week unemployment in the CARES Act apply if you lost one part time job and make too much at another part time job to get benefits? (Maryland/Washington state) I am temporarily laid off from my part time job due to Covid. I am also self-employed part time, which I can still do from home. I’ve applied for unemployment but haven’t gotten benefits for any of the past 6 weeks because my self-employment income has been higher than my benefit amount. I’m not sure exactly what my benefit amount is because I’ve worked in two states in the past 18 months (MD and WA), but it should be somewhere between $50 and $188. I usually make slightly more than that in self-employment, around $200/week. 

So my question is, how does this affect the extra $600/week from the CARES Act? Is my ~$200 in self-employment subtracted from the total weekly amount ($600 + $50 or $188), meaning I’d get around $400-$600/week, or do I not get the $600 at all if my self-employment is more than the standard unemployment amount? I’d hate to think that I’m disqualified for the benefits that were supposed to help self-employed people because I‘m still making $200 a week, which is hardly enough to get by on."
"[CA] Cockroach infestation I currently have a pest infestation at my apartment: mostly cockroaches, but there is a fair share of spiders and earwigs. I encounter these pests daily and have timestamped photos which I use to document each time I find/kill one. It’s is affecting my health as my allergies are already bad enough and is truly disgusting.

I have three documented maintenance requests. I received treatment, a gel + a spray, two of the three times; my most recent request sent on March 3, 2020. Each treatment seemingly worked for a bit, but then eventually resurfaced. I maintain a clean house, so I can say without a doubt this isn’t of my own doing. The office said it was unusual as my upstairs neighbors nor my neighbors on each side are dealing with the same issues. Due to Covid-19 precautions, maintenance has been postponed for the time being. I am purchasing my own contact-killing sprays and preventative gels in an attempt to remedy the problem, unfortunately to no avail. 

I am looking to find recourse for the situation. I have not yet consulted a lawyer. I am a college student and first-time renter unfamiliar with landlord-tenant law. With that said, I have a limited budget should my case be viable and I must pursue legal action. Options that I am willing to agree on are the following: the landlord allows me to move to a vacant apartment that does not have any issues or to break my lease. My lease has a termination fee of the rent due through the end of the leasing period minus rents paid by a replacement tenant- can that be waived should I be able to break the lease?

How should I pursue this matter?"
"Lease Says I Can't Repair Car on the Property What Are My Options? Just as the title says my lease says I cannot repair my car on the property. Does this include oil changes and if so can I do this on the street or something?
Asking from Florida"
"Consistently receiving a bill that is already paid Hello and thanks for any advice ahead of time. For sake of clarity, 'biller' will be the entity that is sending the bill. I wish to keep them as vague as possible as I am sure this is a small mistake, but it's becoming a rather annoying problem. And despite the problems I'm experiencing, I do rather like them. The only thing I can really mention to help make sense of it is this biller is a school and I am based in New York.

Backstory: This biller provided a meal plan service that was covered by Financial Aid. Generally, I received enough aid through scholarships and grants that this service was covered.

However, on my final year the billing department encountered an error in which funds were not properly withdrawn from financial aid. So this resulted in my meal plan in being terminated prematurely and a bill being generated a bill in X amount.

I made sure that I paid this bill as soon as possible to avoid any issues that may have impacted my graduation. It wasn't much to begin with as well. This happened in 2014, on May 15th.

The reason I know the exact date in which I paid the bill, I used a personal check. The reason I know that check was cashed, I have the check cashed receipt from my bank, and my bank statement the following month, showing the deduction. Also, the cherry on top: I still have the original receipt that the clerk gave me.

Yes, I still have all this information. Yes I have provided this information to my biller already... 3 times.

Every time is the same, I get complimented on how well organized I am, and that they will fix this issue immediately.

Well, I received a 4th statement from them stating that I am overdue. I really don't want this to upset me, since I know for a fact that I have payed this ""bill."" But I'm tired now.

Every time this happens, I have to find out when is the earliest day I can come in, and provide them my information. Information that should have solved this problem ages ago.

Now, I am not looking to sue people. It's not my nature to do so. Especially during this time of year where work keeps me incredibly busy; and I'm on a strict schedule. And given that this keeps happening despite my efforts of fixing it, there might be something that my biller is doing wrong that could hurt them legally.

What I need is a surefire, no hassle way of ensuring that this is the last and final time I have to provide this information. Again, I'm not looking to sue, but if there is anything, that could at least scare them to the point that it's fixed immediately, it would be helpful.

I have looked online, and it seems that most advice given is to have them provide another receipt, or something in writing to go by. But if I do get something in writing, what should it say?

Again, thank you for any input on the matter. I received the statement today, and to be frank it is actually starting to aggravate me."
"Georgia - trapped by landlord, just want to leave. Happy New Year Everyone. If your resolution is to help someone who has a combination of poor foresight and really unfortunate circumstances, boy do I have an opportunity for you. 

About 10 months ago my wife and I started renting a single-family home with the intent of staying there for about 5 years. They agreed to give us a 2 year lease. The husband and wife who owned the house were incredibly friendly and we hit it off. He was listed as the manager of the property, but she was listed as a landlord as well.

2 months later they got divorced, she got the house. Last month she told us she was interested in selling the house rather than continuing to rent, and gave us an opportunity to buy before listening it. At a meeting with her realtor present, we asked if she'd release us from our lease if we couldn't come to terms so that we could move sooner rather than later (planning to start a family soon; didn't want to move during pregnancy or with a child). She quickly agreed, we had a really nice preliminary conversation. 

We ended up agreeing on a price, but our inspection turned up safety hazards and major work that was done without a permit and against local codes (requiring likely &gt;10K to fix). We withdrew our offer, and now she won't release us from our 2 year lease (14 months remaining). Our termination fee is 25% of remaining rent, coming out to $7,150. To make things worse, there's a stipulation in our lease that we don't get our security deposit back if we don't complete the term of our lease, that's $2200 more to lose.

I'm pretty sure we have a case for damages because she had an obligation to ensure the safety of the property she is renting, but I'd love to find a way to waive the termination fee. My wife and I just want to leave. We don't want to make money or make her pay a bunch of money. We just want to move out ASAP. 

I would sincerely appreciate some advice. Happy to answer specific questions.

tl;dr: renting a house, landlord divorced, ex-wive wanted to sell but we pulled our offer due to safety and housing code violations, now she won't release us from our lease without paying big money. Help please 

[HVAC Report](http://imgur.com/gallery/MWkeNcw)"
My teacher had student vote on another students grade I’ve had so many problems with this teacher, but today in class she started asking students to vote on another students grade. I live in Florida and I’m wondering if this is legal and if not what are my options???
"Selling products from overseas around official USA dealers. Throwaway here. USA-TX

This company sells through official dealers, each company has one assigned to every region they target. I have access to supply chains and have secured goods from a source within the company. My plan is to sell online at low cost. The question is what kind of legal issues can I run into? I ship anonymously to the lower 48, use European email servers, domain info is private and operate mostly as a shell company.

This industry is very small, niche and not flowing in money (which is why I was able to secure shipments with a simple cash offer) so i don't expect people to actively pursue me but just wanted to see what would happen if they did. 

TIA."
Filing for dissolution of marriage with child To put it simply, what is the best process to go through the filing? It is an Ohio dissolution with one military and one child. Choices are sift through the headache inducing PDF’s myself or file online or with an attorney? What is the fastest, cleanest course of action.
"i want to sue my parents for emotional damages 21M my parents are blatently and consistently mentally abusive, and i feel like it has come down to this, they refuse to change their atitude, position or actions constantly have threatened me with homelessness and to cut off funding for my college, not to mention my father is in a cult hes homophobic and racist, my mother emasculates me constantly, and has called me a ""lazy son of a b**ch"". my father has also ""joked"" about killing me too, i just dont have any Physical evidence, i dont know what goes into these cases and i dont know if having witenesses to events of to their abusive nature helps, im told it doesnt count and its hearsay but idk, any advice? would a lawyer take this

i guess i should mention my parents are getting an $100,000+ remodel on the house as well and have already paid for my sisters education, 
the only thing i want is $50,000 for 4 years of college plus my lawyers fees, 

any criticism or advice is appreciated"
"2 days out from moving in to grandparents house was told I (20m, IL)can no longer move in. My grandparents died fairly close in time around early may 2019. They had a fairly simple will stating their possessions (eg, the family farm) were to be shared in a trust between my father (the executor) and my aunt(MO) and uncle(IL). After the funeral I was told that I could stay in the house free of charge (except bills and general upkeep). I initially said I decline because I had a decent housing situation. 

Now my housing situation has changed and I asked my father and uncle if it would still be on the table if I could move in by the third. My uncle was a little dumbfounded when I asked but eventually agreed. 

So for about the last week my immediate family and I had been cleaning out the first floor of my grandparents 2 story farm house so I could move in. 

Today my uncle stops by and him and my father talk away from the rest of us to talk about what I assume I was going to cover for bills. I reassured I could pay the bills of the house and he said alright and shook my hand and left. 2 hours later my father gets a text from my uncle saying that I could no longer stay at the house and just because my father was the executor he had no power in a 2 vs 1 decision, I should also mention that the trust has not yet been started as our lawyer is slow(I assume)

My question is do I have any rights in a non-written verbal agreement and does my father having 1/3 claim to the estate give us any rights to the house to stay in and live?"
"Landlord lost property in foreclosure, now being evicted My girlfriend and I lease an apartment in New Hampshire and we’ve been here for almost a year and a half. Our landlords (a couple) own(ed) the apartment which is in an apartment complex. We renewed our one year lease in July, 2019. We haven’t had any issues with our landlord before and they’re really nice people. 

My girlfriend is addicted to Zillow. So at the beginning of November, she noticed that our apartment was listed on Zillow as pre-foreclosure. A few weeks later, we began receiving notifications from the landlords’ bank stating that they are now the owners of the apartment. They even offered cash-for-keys to get us out within 30 days. We relayed this information to our landlords and they told us that they were disputing the foreclosure with bank and they were doing everything they could to retain the apartment and keep us as tenants. They never told us the cause of foreclosure other than saying it was a “HUGE mistake” by the bank/mortgage company but didn’t provide any details. We even received letters addressed to the landlords stating ‘mortgage dispute’ on the envelope. We forwarded them to the landlords. 

The big kicker was when we received a 90 day eviction notice from the bank a few days ago. We informed our landlords. They said the same thing, that it was still in dispute and they are trying to keep the apartment. They said they would have final word 12/11 but we haven’t heard anything. The last time we spoke to our landlords over the phone, they told us that they were still paying the mortgage and that would like us to keep paying them rent…

I have a few questions:
1) Can we withhold rent payments till we know who the true owner of our apartment is? Of course we would hold them in a separate account.

2) Can the bank evict us within 90 days with a signed lease agreement? Our lease is set to expire in July 2020. I see that Congress has permanently reauthorized the Protecting Tenants at Foreclosure Act which may protect tenants who have a signed lease. I’ve also read that some courts have ruled that the act only applies to loans taken out through a federal program. The eviction notice states that they are evicting us according to NH law RSA 540:2 II(e) and RSA 540:2 V “being a legitimate business and economic reason: the owner of the premises following a foreclosure desires to market, sell and/or convey the property in a vacant condition.”

3) Should we sue our landlord for breach of contract? I’ve had several friends recommend we contact an attorney to send them a demand letter as they did not hold up their end of the lease.

Luckily, my girlfriend and I are in a financial situation where we wouldn’t have any big issues moving to a new place; but, I would like to exercise my legal rights and we love this apartment. It’s a real pain in the ass. We appreciate any advice! 

Tl;dr: Living in NH. Landlords got foreclosed on. We received a 90 day eviction notice from the bank. Landlords say they are still disputing the foreclosure and want us to continue to pay them rent, as “they are still paying the bank the monthly mortgage payments during the dispute.” Do we have to pay them rent? Are we protected from being evicted? And should we sue our landlords for breach of contract?"
"Helped start an online company that is now taking off by doing the marketing. The founder wants to let me go and do marketing on his own, should I be getting ongoing compensation for initial social network set-up? Hello Reddit. My friend was starting a company last summer in the US with his accountant friend and hired me on to do social media marketing. I set up social media, working to build up our presence and following (Twitter, Pinterest, Facebook, Tumblr, Instagram, and Reddit). The company has since taken off in the last few months and is growing really well so my friend wants to let me go to take over marketing and distributing along with design to make this his full-time gig

As he's letting me go, should (legally or just ethically) I be asking for ongoing compensation since the networks I set up will be continued to be utilized? We had an initial written contract but we did not predict he would be letting me go so did not have this covered in our agreement"
"YouTuber potentially running underage gambling? Hello, so I'm coming here to ask this question as I feel a YouTuber I watch is technically hosting an underage gambling service. I'll try to provide as much information as possible for the best opinion/advice. 

So a YouTuber I won't name, opened up a competition where you can purchase priority passes to enter. It requests that you're 16 or have parents permission to purchase. 

The competition is worth usually $1,000-2,500. But, at this point you must have the pass to get in from how popular it is. The pass ranges from $10, $20, $30, and $50. And even if you purchase the $20 tier you're not guaranteed to get in. Roughly 90% of competitions are completely luck based. If not more. 

Keep in mind this creators audience is generally 10-16 year olds.

The reason I'm asking this question is I'm under the impression that this would be the same thing as a kid going into a casino and doing a slot machine. The contest has 150-250 kids in it. And there's of course only one winner. 

Curious to hear what you all have to say. I can provide more information if needed."
"[FL] Girlfriend's roommate accused her of sexual assault among other things My girlfriend is a freshman at a private university in Florida and her roommate filed a report today at the campus security office accusing her of touching her butt and putting Clorox in her toothpaste.  Now, this is ridiculous but my girlfriend is worried because she's studying to be a teacher and doesn't want anything on her criminal record.  I know sexual assault accusations are extremely serious so I just want to know if will go anywhere or if it could hurt her job prospects in the future.

Also, would it be possible to pursue legal action against the roommate for defamation/slander? "
Wanting to change my name after 18. I turned 18 last february and since then have been wanting to change my last name to my mothers last name but I have no idea where to begin. I’ve yet to get my drivers license but already have my ID. How would I even begin? I’m located in California and I don’t know much here.
"Someone seems to have copied my website and modified the data somewhat I have a website at [pythonstation.com](https://pythonstation.com)

Someone has created their own site with the same name along with [blogspot.com](https://blogspot.com) . I don't want to link the other site over here. 

I notice that it has all the same topics as present in my tutorials with slight modifications of the headings.

The structure and examples are also very similar except that most sentences are deleted and remaining sentences are very slightly reworded.

The domain name is directly the same as mine except that its on [blogspot.com](https://blogspot.com) .

Does anyone know whether I can take some legal action on this site to get it removed?"
"Filing for Unemployment Abroad: Fraud? Atlanta, Georgia / Berlin, Germany

Hello all, I’ll keep this short and sweet. 

I (24F) am an American citizen with an American passport and Georgia driver’s license. As far as the US government knows, I reside in Georgia. I have been living in Germany since January 2020, though due to Corona I am still here here on a Schengen 90 Day Visa. I am technically a tourist. 

I was wondering if I am eligible to file for unemployment in the US or if this is fraud since I am not currently living there. My last American job I held was in December 2018. I have not been employed in the US or any other country (as far as the US gov knows) since then. 

Further, if I can file, do I need to get off unemployment when I receive a working visa in Germany? My working visa will be under my other nationality’s passport (Israel). I will likely get this visa within the next month.

Thank you!"
Bad Roommate Situation Hey so I need some help, I had a roommate July 2018-July 2019 . We both had our names on the lease, the lease wasn’t over til September though. In July, she asked that I move out, so I did and I went to the office to get my name off the lease, they told me they would contact her and have her come fill out her part of the paperwork and I could go, i tell them she is trying to move someone else in and they assure me that she can’t do that without breaking lease and blah blah . Fast forward a week, I call them and ask how it’s going and they say they are waiting on her to turn in her paystubs... okay . Meanwhile, she has a new roommate. So I’m like.. hmm is no one going to reprimand her for that? So , life moved on and I see she’s still living there because all our friends haven’t told me she left. Today I get a creditor letter saying I owe $817.25 ... why????????? I CALL THE LEASING OFFICE AND THEY SAY THEY NEVER TOOK MY NAME OFF BECAUSE SHE NEVER BROUGHT PAPERWORK ! I ask them... why not go knock on her door for her paperwork or evict her when you knew I wasn’t there anymore, why not do things the right way? He said he wasn’t chasing anybody down, Then he said her or the other person didn’t turn in their stuff.... so I said that didn’t answer my question and also, why did y’all let someone else move in???? He basically couldn’t help me and told me it’ll be on my credit if I don’t pay... so can someone tell me, do I have a chance at winning this in court ? I could also sue her for the fact that my camera got stolen out of my closet while I was away on a 2week trip . Didn’t take the camera bag that the camera was in... just the camera. Idk , I think she sold it idk or one of her dudes took it . Why they were in my closet ??? I DONT KNOW HELP ME PLEASE
"2 Years of Noisy Neighbors in my Mitchell Lama My Mom (63 years old) and I live in a 1 bedroom Mitchell Lama in New York. 

In order to be accepted, you must apply, sit on a waiting list, undergo a credit/background check, get interviewed, and put a down payment (ours was $28k). 

Also, bedroom distribution is dependent on the amount of people in your household; 3 or more people are allocated to a 2+ bedroom apartment (since we’re 2 people we were able to get a 1 bedroom). 

We’ve been here for about 5 years now and love it, except for one problem, our neighbors and their children who make incessant noise...

Right next to us (1 bedroom apartment meaning only 1-2 people on the lease) lives a handicapped lady and her home attendant; it was just them for the first 3 years of us living here and all was well till about 2 years ago when the home attendant moved in his 2 children and wife...

They are LOUD. 

For starters, the wife and husband constantly (I’m talking at LEAST 4 times a week) engage in arguments with yelling and cursing. These arguments don’t just happen in the day, but also sometimes at 2 o’clock in the morning. 

Same goes for their TV, it’s so loud that it sounds like it’s being viewed inside my apartment and this lasts till the morning hours of the night as well. 

Additionally, their 2 children scream (I’m talking screeching) and stomp and run around till this time as well. 

It’s so loud and bold that it can be heard CLEARLY from my room with the door closed. I’ve woken up a countless amount of times to these nuisances. 

They are also DANGEROUS. 

NYPD has arrested the wife for assaulting the handicapped woman. 

NYPD has also arrested the wife and husband and CPS has confiscated their children from them. 

On TWO separate occasions, NYFD has had to break down their door while they were not home because they left the gas on and it was leaking into the hallway. 

This has been an on-going problem for 2 years now; it’s everyday if not 4/7 days of the week. I’ve lost sleep, had to leave my home to complete college assignments, and in the midst of COVID-19 have had to leave Zoom conference calls because the noise was too disruptive. 

We’ve done all we can: call security (well over 30 times and I wish I was exaggerating), try and speak with them, write to the Board of Directors, etc. They refuse to do anything because the lady who owns the apartment is handicapped. 

They are clearly breaking the rules of the lease (and quite frankly are not occupying it lawfully because 1) they did not go through the process and 2) are surpassing the capacity for 1 bedroom apartments). 

Is this grounds for a lawsuit? It’s violating our rights as cooperatives. 

We have hundreds of recordings, copies of the letters sent to the Board of Directors, and documentation proving we called security."
"Can landlord charge fees for repairs that were noted in matenience request the week of move in/things that they broke themselves? Hi! 

I've recently moved out of an apartment, and I've been given an sum (~2000) for repairs by my landlord. 

Some of them I'm willing to pay such as the 120 for painting because I did paint the walls and didn't match the white correctly. 

However, a large portion of the list I don't agree with. It's mostly flooring issues. There is a crack in the limeolum as it breaks into carpet and some of the carpet has come up and exposed nails. The issue with these flooring problems is that they were there upon move in (was not given a form to fill out damages when I first moved in). I have a video of the apartment when I moved in--as my brother in law wanted to send it back to the folks to show them what my new place looked like. I also have numerous matienance requests (spanning from the first week to a month ago, basically everytime my foot gets cut on an exposed nail) for both issues. 

There is also a 400 fee to replace the tub flooring. But this WASN'T me. I went on vacation and the repair men came in and left my hot water running in my tub for seven whole days (this also caused mold and swelling on my walls). It broke and created a hole in the flooring. I not only have history of matienance requests to fix this hole, but an email from the management apologizing for the issue and reducing the electric bill that month as it was not my fault it would be so high. 

Should I take it immediately to small claims? Even though I'm moving across the country? Or should I try to talk to the landlord first?"
"First car, new contract - need help. 19 years old, bought a car in october. Tried spending my time looking over things, but long story short there were some extra stuff on the contract that I didn't really notice, and my original car payment was going to be about 365 a month. Went back within around 24 hrs and signed a new contract to remove some things making my new payment 330s. left, went home, great.

&amp;#x200B;

Got an email to sign a cancellation form that shows wat is being cancelled. I sent this 11/18. First car payment was due 12/10 and payment still didn't change. I was contacting the dealership NON stop and they are not helpful. It is now almost 2 months and the payment is still the same, and VW says they have not received anything from the dealership. What do I do???? The director of the dealership told me last friday everything would be solved monday.. now hes not returning any of my calls. Can i take legal action? Please help."
Is it legal for my landlord to charge me for people whose name was not on my lease nor lived with me ? I recently moved and was discussing my security deposit return with my previous landlord. My deposit was $1200 and we agreed he would deduct the amount of days I stayed which was 12 totaling to $464 , perfectly fine with me. He then stated he’d be charging me for 4 days in which my boyfriend had stayed over. These days were non consecutive and the lease does not state that I’m not allowed to have stay over guests. I also cleared it with the landlord if my boyfriend was allowed to stay over every once in awhile. Is he allowed to do this ? I’m loosing a lot of money from my deposit now. I live in NY and more specifically Suffolk County.
"[GA] My company would like to move out of the building. I need advice on some options. This is my first time posting on this sub; I apologize if I make any mistakes. 

I work for a small (5 people) insurance company in Georiga. We are currently occupying a space in an office building (the building has multiple floors, regular office space, and executive suites) where we meet with clients and conduct our daily business. 

Here is what happened in chronological order:

* We started out with a 1 year lease on a 120 sqft. executive suite (mostly for meeting clients); we paid first and last month's rent as a deposit ($400/month). 

* A few months later, we moved to a different, larger executive suite down the hallway; we signed another 1 year lease for the new space and paid first and last month's rent as a deposit ($600/month).

* A year later, a 2500 sqft. space became available on a different floor. This was not an executive suite. This was a more traditional office space. We spoke to the landlord and agreed on a rental rate of $4000/month. He asked for first and last month's rent as a deposit (total $8000). Since we had a pretty good relationship with the landlord, we gave him a check for $8000. He then started preparing the suite for us (paint, blinds, carpet, etc.). We had not signed a lease at this time. Even for previous leases, the leases were signed after we moved in so we expected this to be the same way. 

* We were supposed to move in on August 1, but the suite was not completed; the painting was not finished, the carpeting was not done, etc. This was not a huge deal for us since the land lord allowed us to keep using our previous space until the work was finished. 

* On August 15, we moved into the larger suite that was mostly finished (a third of the space still needed carpeting and paint) so that we could conduct business. He had told us that he would paint and carpet the space for us. We started conducting business as usual and expected that the lease would start on September 1. 

* On August 18, we received a rent invoice for the space (prorated for 15 days at $600/month and 16 days at $4000/month). We didn't think that this was right, so we spoke to him and he said that we can delay the start of the lease to January 1 and that we can pay him a lump-sum amount ($10,000) for the use of the space through the end of the year and that we would sign a lease in January. 

Over the last few months (August-December), the quality of the space has become intolerable. The Air Conditioning doesn't work properly (Aug-Nov was super hot and Dec-present is freezing), the internet goes down frequently for long periods of time, the parking lot lights have been turned off and our clients have tripped a few times, the carpet that was installed was bad quality and has started to fray and tear at the seams, our mail (sometimes with important, time sensitive payments) doesn't get delivered on time, etc. 

We would like to leave the space as soon as possible, but we don't know if we are on proper legal grounds to just ""get up and leave"". When we agreed to delay starting the lease, we signed a document: [Lease Agreement and Reservation](http://imgur.com/etzrDXB).

Specific questions:

* If we identify another suitable space, can we just move out of the current space? If yes, what happens to all the security deposits? If not, how can we best vacate the space with minimal legal ""stress""?
* Are we locked into anything based on the document that we have signed?
* Is there anything else we should be worried about? The landlord is quite litigious from what the other tenants tell us, who are also planning on leaving soon (for similar reasons). 

My supervisor asked me to find anything I can for this type of situation (precedents, etc.), but I have no idea where to start. Thanks in advance for any insight you can provide. If you have questions, or need me to clarify anything, please me know. "
Continuous Harassment. Hello friends, so I have a bit of an issue. My parents live in an apartment complex. A few years ago a guy moved in across the hall from my parents. The doors on said apartments are the type to close on their own like if they have a spring or something, and they kinda slammed when they closed. This dude would come out and cuss everyone out my mom, dad, brother (12), sister (15) saying “my whole damn house shakes when you slam the door, it’s so fucking loud” and shit like that. It had never been a problem, previous tenants didn’t have an issue. We were use to just opening the door for us to walk in and letting it go. Cool. We stopped it would slam here and there because we were carrying food or cases of water making it a tad bit harder to grab the door and slowly close it. BOOM, every time without fail he’d come out. It wasn’t even on purpose. We had enough he would legit be cussing out my little brother, so we went to the leasing office and reported him, idk what happened but he moved to another building, two buildings down. Every so often while my parents, little brother and/or sister were outside he would say shit to them, it wasn’t much we brushed it off. A few weeks ago my mom and sister got Covid. The maintenance guys were supposed to change the air filter and my parents told the office don’t send anyone in we’re quarantined. Keep in mind that these are the only people in the apartment complex that know what’s going on. Now fast forward to today. My little brother goes out to throw the trash, there are two trash bins across from each other and we sit in between them so either or is the same distance, we can go to whichever one (not that we have assigned trash bins). This dude starts to cuss my little brother out and he started making fun of them for having Covid. Now that’s fucking interesting? How the fuck would he know? He’s known to be friends with the leasing office manager, he legit would go (when it was open) and sit in the office and just spend hours talking to her. When I lived with my parents and would run up into the office to drop off checks and stuff there he would be just chillin. Some one in the office told this guy that my family had Covid. Not even our family really knows that they got Covid, only the people they had to tell for having close contact. I don’t know what to do or who to talk to. Today we called the non emergency line to report it so we have another documented harassment since the leasing office is closed. At this point I wanna take matters into my own hands but that’s not the way to go so I wanna do this as clean as I can so we can actually get this dude to stop.
"Got into an accident about 20 days ago. I reported to my insurance and was told I was not at fault. Now other driver wants to get a police report. I got into an accident earlier this month in Cook County, IL. It was snowing really bad so I was being careful as I have been trained to do. I was engaged in the intersection waiting to take a left at a light (this one does not have a left turn signal, so I almost always wait until the yellow), and once it turned yellow I made sure I was clear, and took my left as the light changed to red. There was a car, but it was a good distance away and looked as if it had stopped. The other driver said she ""skid"" and hit the side of my car.

Her car's front right headlight was taken out, and my car had very minor cosmetic damage. Since I didn't care for the damage to my car we just exchanged insurance information, DL numbers, phone numbers. We both had to get home so we did not call the police as the conditions were bad enough that it would take a long time.

I filed with my insurance online immediately, they called me and told me I was not at fault and asked if I wanted to file for damages. I did not, so that was the end.

Today she texted me and asked if I filed and I said yes. She asked what they said, and I told her they said that they would handle anything that came up (which is true). She said that her insurance told her that we need to make a police report. I said I would call my insurance and get back to her.

I called a rep, and they told me that State Farm (I am with Geico) did not have any claim on file for her, and actually wanted Geico to file one (he called them while I was on the line). And then my rep said that I should not get a police report, but then changed his mind and said I -may- want to!

So, legaladvice, would it be a good idea or a bad idea to file one now so late? How can this hurt me, how can it help me? Because I am done at this point, I would rather just forget about it. And what should I tell her if I do not want to file a police report? And finally, should I just try to talk to a different Geico rep?"
"How do shell companies really work and what can you do with one? I thank in advance to anyone who can shed some light and come with a thorough explanation.

Alright, shell companies. Everyone knows that they are used primarily for tax evasion and shady business in general, that is why they have a pretty bad reputation. However, I am interested in finding out exactely what are the capabilities of such an entity and what can an owner use it for (I know this depends on the jurisdiction). So I would like to receive information on the followig:

1.What exactely is a tax heaven and what are the safest and most secretive such jurisdictions?

2.How exactely does a legitimate company with legit  activity (based in France, for example) use a shell company (based in Nevis, for example) in order to avoid paying taxes? 

3.Can a shell company be used to open a legitimate company? Alright, this is a complex one. One of the many benefits of a shell company is that its owner is completely anonymous (at least he should be). Can someone who wants to open a legitimate business in his country  and be completely anonymous as its owner use a shell company to open this legitimate business?

4.Can a shell company be used to buy a legitimate business? If the legitimate business is purchased by a shell company, does it still have to pay taxes? And ultimately, will the anonymous owner of the shell company remain anonymous as the new owner of the legitimate business that he bought through the shell company?

5.In the scenarios mentioned at points 3 and 4, does the new anonymous owner of the legitimate business need to appoint a company representative (for the legitimate biz)  to conduct business on his behalf in order to remain completely anonymous?

Thank you for taking the time to read my questions. I would be grateful to anyone with expertise in the field who can answer them. This is just a curiosity, as I don't have the financial means to have my own business, let alone doing all sorts of schemes like these to avoid taxes :))."
"My gym went out of business without notice and handed over our contracts and credit card info to another gym I go to a gym in Astoria, NY. I have been a member since July 2014.

When I arrived at the gym today, I saw a sign that the gym was closed because of inclement weather and that members could use the alternate location instead. It also said that tomorrow (3/6) would be the gym's last day of operation at that location. The thing is, my gym (let's call it TUV) does not have an alternate location. I scan the front window and see a sign that must have been posted just recently, since I went to the gym a few days ago. It says something to the effect of ""We are delighted to announce our merger with XYZ gym at such and such location.""

So, my gym has a new location and this location is closed. Strange, I think, but I'll give it a shot. So I trudge several blocks through the snow to XYZ gym. I'm told by the owner of XYZ gym that XYZ now possesses all of TUV members' contracts and that our monthly automatic withdrawals will now be withdrawn by XYZ gym. He said the terms and conditions of our contract with TUV gym will not change and the monthly price that is automatically charged to our credit cards will not go up, even though XYZ charges more per month for their members. Again, this is all verbal and there is no guarantee my credit card will not be charged more.

I worked out at XYZ gym because TUV gym already charged the membership fee for March, so why not. On my way out of XYZ gym after my workout, I overheard an XYZ employee say that the TUV owner was in a legal battle with the landlord of the TUV gym, and was ultimately evicted.

Is it legal to effectively sell contracts and hand over everyone's credit card info to another gym and call it a merger? And to do so without prior notice and an option to cancel? As far as I can tell, XYZ gym will not be partnering with TUV gym; it seems like TUV is going out of business. 

TUV gym requires 30 days notice in order to cancel a membership and thus terminate the monthly withdrawals, but hasn't my contract been voided since they closed operations within less than a year of my signing the contract? (Article 30 of the NY General Business Law § 642). But XYZ says we go through them now, and that there will be no new contract, since it was a ""merger."" Am I entitled to a new contract?

I can't tell if this is cut and dry ""c'est la vie"" NYC-Style or if this is something a bit more out of the norm.

Thanks r/legaladvice.
"
"[CA] Roommate moved out owing me last month's rent w/o giving me his new address (he is in the same city) and looks like he is not interested in paying me. Hi all, my roommate moved out 3 mo ago since we weren't getting along. I am the one who asked him to move out. He did so.. amicably. I had been paying our rent in full every month and he'd pay me back his share. He was not on the lease. I paid his last mo's rent too. While he was moving out, I told him I will tell him the final amount he owes me with all the documentation once I get the last mo's utility bill. 

Two weeks ago, I sent him the final bill and he is not in the mood to pay it. He is not responding to my texts or calls. I am worried. I don't know where he lives or who his employer is but I am sure he is in the same city. 

He knows he has me by the balls. What can I do now to get my money back? "
"[CA] Looked up my year old divorce online for specific dates &amp; I'm freaking out! FFS, is our divorce invalid? Are we still married?! (Good gawd, pls say no!). What about his new marriage!! HELP!! [Here'a a CORRECTED screenshot of what I found online](http://imgur.com/elPTyEa). I used the ""search cases"" link on the self help page of the county website. All the ""minutes"" options are a pop up saying they aren't released publicly. 

Ok, let me try to keep this as short and concise as possible. A little harder with the FML freak out I'm trying not to have. 

We've been separated 2 years but divorce papers filed Jan '15, in front of the judge in April which settled custody/support/visits, just had to wait the mandatory 6 mos for it to be final. I went back in July &amp; filled out a Request for Default Judgment &amp; we got the signed/dates/stamped ""filed"" by the judge complete paperwork in October last year. Everyone was happy. Ex &amp; I always got along, pretty drama free divorce, thank the gods. 

I'm filing new requests to give him 7wks more a year, weird I know, but this way his wife can stay out of it &amp; stop blocking him from getting more time. So I look up our case for exact dates &amp; I see all those notes that are gibberish to me. Then at the top the word **""vacated""** caught my eye, my understanding is that term means that whatever case/order/decision is erased/canceled/no longer valid. Is that correct? 

I'm so confused as I wasn't notified of anything from the time I filed the Default till my copy of signed &amp; filed orders in Oct and that was *literally* the very last thing heard. I'm hoping you can possibly help by: 

•explain what a 'Case Status Conference' is &amp; if I shoulda been there? 
•it was postponed 9/14, then judgement is entered 10/22 and mailed to us - does that mean the Conference was canceled all together? 
•Why the hell they'd schedule another Conference literally 9 months after the first and 8 months after final judgement?
•**what exactly** was vacated specifically and why June of this year? Wth?! 
•what does this all mean for us in the present? He got married 6/10/16, could this have anything to do with their marriage license being filed? If yes, what? 

Thank you SO much in advance!! I'm desperately hoping I'm not still married to this man. 15y was *freaking plenty*, sigh. Even though our divorce was easy and drama free, it became obvious that clear boundaries are now needed. Plus I didn't divorce the dude to get stuck in near constant bitchy contact for 4 months, I wanna stamp this crap and be done with it.  

Admittedly, the (teeny) evil side of me would crack the hell up if my fears were true, but the sane, smart side knows that it would be WW3 level tantrums that I did not sign up for. Nope. No thanks. 

Thanks again in advance!

Edit: fixed the link"
"Apartment management company is threatening to evict all dog owners (including myself) from my building, what should I do? (UT) Like the title says, I, and several other of the dog owners, got a letter posted on our doors stating that because of the volume of dog poop found after the snow thawed, they would begin evicting every dog owner in my building and two adjacent buildings due to no one being turned in (which on its own would bring a $250 fine per poop incident, up to eviction).

In the lease it does state that each dog owner is responsible for cleaning up after our own dogs, but there is no ""nuclear clause"". 

There has not been any official letter from the lawyer's office that the apartment management company goes through, and only word from the managers of the property (who refuse to budge unless we point the finger at someone).

It may just be hearsay, but there is also a rumor floating around that they are trying to displace people due to a new business development nearby, for which they are greatly increasing rent.

I've been a perfect tenant, so theres no payment history issue or complaint that I know of against me.

What should I do to (hopefully) keep my home and my dogs?"
WCGW if I decide sue my employer?  Specifically, if I decide to move forward with litigation against my employer for their fuckery will they fire me on the spot once they are informed of the suit being brought against them?
"What is the best way to recover a personal debt? Reddit,

What is the best way to recover a debt ($50K range) from someone who doesn't seem to want to give money back? There is a personal loan agreement. The money was given as a check.

Edit: The location is California.

TIA

P.S. Sorry for a new account, writing from another machine."
"[CA] Fixed term employment contract - can I quit? I'm a teacher for a California charter school, but I want to quit and find a new job (disagree with the current management policies and practices). However, I signed a contract and I don't know if I can quit. I can link to my full (and redacted) contract if that would help, but the key phrases:

&gt;FIXED TERM EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

&gt;Term and Work Schedule: Subject to Section C, “Termination of Agreement” herein, Inspire Charter Schools hereby employs Employee for the term of the [XXX]  Schools charters, commencing on or after September 1, 2016 and ending June 30, 2017. Workdays for the Employee shall be consistent with the applicable calendar of workdays for this position. The current year schedule is attached and incorporated by reference herein. [XXX] Schools shall have the right to assign or reassign the Employee to positions, duties, or additional duties and to make changes in responsibilities, work, or transfers, at any time during the contract term.

&gt;Employee Rights: Employment rights and benefits for employment at [XXX] Schools shall only be as specified in this Employment Agreement, [XXX] Schools’ charters, the Charter Schools Act and [XXX] Schools’ Personnel Handbook, which from time to time may be amended and modified by [XXX]  Schools. Employment rights and benefits may be affected by other applicable agreements or directives or advisories from the California Department of Education or State Board of Education. During the term of this Agreement, Employee shall not acquire or accrue tenure, or any employment rights with [XXX] Schools.

&gt;C. TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT
&gt;This Agreement may be terminated by any of the following:

&gt;1. Early Termination with/without Cause: The School Administration or Board may unilaterally, and with or without cause or advance notice, terminate this Agreement. In consideration of the right to terminate this Agreement without cause, the School shall pay to Employee his/her salary for fifteen (15) calendar days after termination occurs.

&gt;2. Revocation/ Nonrenewal of Charter: In the event that the [XXX] Schools charters with the District are either revoked or non-renewed, this Agreement shall terminate immediately upon the effective date of the revocation/ nonrenewal of the charters, and without the need for the process outlined in Section b above.

&gt;D. NON-RENEWAL/EXPIRATION OF TERM. The Board may elect not to offer future employment agreements to Employee at its sole discretion, without cause, and this Agreement will lapse by its own terms.


Please let me know if there's any other sections that I should include to help make a determination, but that's all I saw that discussed my rights or termination. I intend to follow best practices for quitting a normal job (two weeks notice), but I've never been on a fixed term contract before. Thank you!"
"Third Party Company Potentially Costs Me Job My university works with a third party housing company, and I am the on-site representative for the university there. I live there as well. I had formed various friendships with the three people I directly work with and one supervises the other two. I had a failed personal relationship with one of them (I asked out on a date and she said no) in November 2016, and only once asked about that in March when we went on a lunch together. I will revisit this party of the story later.

In early January 2018, the two of them (the one I asked out on a date and the supervisor) and their supervisor went to my supervisor and explained they (all of them, although I was told one was no present) were uncomfortable working with me any longer for the following reasons:

1. I had negatively targeted one of them (the one I asked out in November 2016) in several e-mails. I had also written several direct and mean e-mails since (saying things like ""the way to get things from the company is to complain"").
2. I had a wild temper. They cited an event where (according to them)I yelled at their student staff member and one of the three I alluded to earlier on the phone. This took place in April 2016.
3. I had told them that I felt bad about being mean to them, and that was one of the reasons I started seeing a psychiatrist and proscribed adderall for ADHD. They were all very supportive, two of them were supportive in writing to me. They told my supervisor they were concerned about me because of this.

The result of this was my supervisor decided that I had to leave the university, to which I was able to extend that through June based on the condition that I was searching for employment. I also live here, so I would be losing my home as well. While I was told this would be put in writing, it has yet to be, and I have since received a raise in writing. I was also told I had an impeccable record for the nearly two years I worked at the university, and the the reason I had to leave is that I didn't get along with the third party company.

To address the three things:

1. All of those e-mails on the negative side were professional complaints. I had only written positive things that were personal. I also have loose proof that the one member primarily complaining did things against me as well (targeted my student staff member, misrepresented information). We had an issue that ended our friendship in April 2017, but looked to rebuild it in October 2017 to which I was told slowly. She also told me not to text, but I had professionally a few times (she answered thoroughly once) but I did send her a positive personal one as well, which was brought up. I had e-mailed them positives and negatives as well, negatives were professional issues, which did highlight some of the things she had done to me (some I can prove, I had apologized to them for anything I did to them a month prior). I did that in late November 2017. As for the comfortability piece, I was in discussion to present at their student staff training as late as November 2017, was the only school that ran events with them (which was optional) and met with two of them in late December 2017. One had also liked a Facebook status of mine on Christmas Day and the other I had a lot of personal texts that seemed comfortable as late as January 2018 (even after this was told to my supervisor). They also asked if we would continue working on an event we had planned in Feb 2018 (next week) and we are doing it.

2. They never showed me this incident report, and I did apologize to them (while I wasn't screaming and yelling, I wouldn't say it was my best professional moment either). The incident report stated they were fearful and scared of me, but I had worked with the student staff member in question many times since with no issues, and they never brought to my university at the time.

3. I'm just a bit horrified about this part. Although I was told they tied that into my temperament piece, although I began adderall in September and that incident was in April.

I'm looking at what legal actions I can take against the third party company, as I feel they slandered me into costing me my job. I still currently live in the building and work with them under strict supervision (mostly e-mails, a lot less personal interaction).

New York, New York"
"(Ontario, Canada) Let go from food service job for ""health and safety violation"" but I think I was let go without cause Hi legal advice,

I was working for a burrito company within a mall in Canada, that also has stores all over the United States. I was let go last Friday as I did not wash the brown rice prior to cooking. The training books say to do this and this is completely my fault. However, since it was brown rice, the manager (who was let go a few weeks prior) told me it did not need to be washed. Anyways, someone reported me to the manager and was let go without warning, due to a health and safety violation. I had no previous write ups or conversations about food safety and had worked there for 6 months. It's worth noting that I am in school and after a certain period, they will re-emburse a portion of this school cost and that 2 months prior I hurt my back on the job and was off for 2 weeks.

Here's the issue, 2 of my roommates work there as well and I cultivated a lot of friendships there and have gathered the following:

The inspector (who makes sure all the stores in his jurisdiction are in compliance) had an issue with me and asked everyone what they thought of me and openly expressed that he did not like me to one of the managers, whom told me.

I don't get along with one of my roommates, from what I've heard she is releasing things that occur at home (such as sexual conduct with my girlfriend and how she doesn't respect my religion because of this, etc.).

The GM told one of his managers that I was not ""let go"" but sent home at the end of my shift, which makes me doubt that I was fired, but that I was baited into not showing up anymore.

I called HR and asked about the above, they told me they I was still ""active"" but the system can take up to 2 weeks to update.

From what I've been told after explaining this situation to my family is that I was at least, fired with insufficient cause at the worst there is some labour violations. I am waiting for a call from HR following their ""investigation"". I should receive my last pay this Friday and have requested a copy of my ""final write-up"". I am not in trouble for money as I have secured a paid internship starting in 2 weeks, but I could have kept this job as well.

What should I do? Should I get a lawyer? Do I even have a case? General advise is appreciated as well. This company is very scared of future scandals as they have essentially turned into a meme all over the internet, so if the investigation turns out to be true, I suspect they will try and shut me up with money. How would I handle this?

Thank you, Guys.
"
I forgot to report an accident I was involved in with the DMV I was in an accident where I got rear ended on December 15th. I was not at fault and it was reported to both the other drivers insurance agency and my own, there is also a police report. However I forgot to report it to the DMV. And the problem is that california law apparently states that you have 10 days to do so, and today is the 11th day. I have filled out the SR1 form and printed them out and I was wondering if anyone had any advice for me. Should I mail it out like it says? Or should I make a trip to the dmv and do things there. Thanks in advance guys
Question: What compensation do falsely accused get? Today I saw a post about a man who was falsely accused for killing two teenagers. He was in prison for 25 years before the court ruled him not guilty. What compensation do these people get? Do they get any?
How many emotional support animals is one allowed to have? Location is in California.
"Getting divorced in New York State My partner and I had sadly decided to part ways. We do not own a house together and no kids, no joint access and no joint debt. Therefore, we have drafted a separation agreement to basically state that you keep yours and I keep mine. 
I was wondering where we should go from here. Involving a lawyer costs so much for what we have already agreed on. I found no instructions on the New York states website unfortunately. Is it going to involved signing the paper in front of a notary and then just mailed the paperwork?"
"[MD] I was in a vehicle collision and need some advice about how to proceed. Hello LegalAdvice,


 TL;DR I was in a collision. Police report was filed. They admitted fault. Having the shop use their insurance. Beginning to notice back pain. Am I proceeding correctly so far and what should be my next steps?


Somewhat regular reader here but never thought I would need to actually post myself. Currently being vague but if you need more information on the vehicles let me know. Earlier today I was in a collision in which I was not at fault. They hit me we called the police and filled out the report with both parties information. During the process they admitted to fault directly to the police officer. I have had my vehicle towed to a body shop to be repaired and requested they use the other party's insurance. At the time of the accident I did not notice any injury to myself however after waiting for a bit I am starting to notice some back pain. What would be the proper steps to take to get them to pay for my injuries/check-up and as I will be unable to use my vehicle for work will I be able to have them cover the costs of a rental? Additionally my vehicle is almost 10 years old and has 130k+ miles on it. If they claim it as a total loss is it possible for me to get them to revoke that? I would rather not have to purchase a new vehicle just yet if possible. "
"Rear ended, uninsured and unlicensed driver at fault, back hurts, any advice? I’m gonna try to keep it simple. 
- Car hit a rail at a downhill and curved street. 
- I started to slow down to stop for the car
- car behind me swerved to try and avoid me but hit me 
- driver was unlicensed and uninsured, as well as car owner, 4 in the car
- I was alone, full coverage and what not. 
- cops showed up, helped, but they didn’t tell me anything about what to do regarding them not being insured and unlicensed. Only thing he said was that I’m insured and have full coverage and should have uninsured driver coverage. 
- back hurting

How should I continue? Insurance knows I’m not at fault. Car got towed to a shop. Should I visit a doctor and then let insurance know or do I call first before visiting one? 

What should I do regarding the other party? I’m assuming I’m going to have to pay a deductible of 500$ and since I’m not even at fault I obviously don’t want to pay. Don’t exactly have much money during these times. Other party if I’m being honest did not seem like any of them really had much money either, car was quite old. 

just looking for advice from people who have had similar experiences or maybe some of you work for insurance

Thank you"
"HELP My gf is crazy and I need to learn how to legally remove her from my home without losing my son forever United States/Ohio.

I will try to keep this brief but thorough. 

I am a homeowner. Home is in my name w/ my mother as the cosigner. My live-in girlfriend, the mother of my toddler, has been diagnosed with mental illness for quite some time. I have only stayed with her and endured because she threatens to take my child with her if I evict her. 

There was an incident towards the end of last year where she I tried to end the relationship and she threatened suicide. Her eldest son (14) moved to a family members house and has been in therapy ever since. I threw my son in the car and left in the middle of the night for fear of his safety. Police were called but no police report ever filed.

I moved out for nearly 3 months before I came home. I allowed her to remain in the home while I took on a 2nd job (i make great money at my 1st job, she was not working at all) and I told her I wanted her to work on a gameplan to leave. She refused to leave.

I sadly gave in and returned home after 3 months—mostly because working long hours had put a strain on my relationship with my son. I felt like I was sacrificing so much for him but I would go almost 5 or 6 days at a time without seeing him and it was breaking my heart. Whether it was all in my head or whether it was actually happening, I don’t know, but towards the end of my working 2 jobs and living at my parents to support this woman who was not working and running my charge cards up, I felt like my son was starting to look at me as just some guy instead of Daddy. It was killing me. I had to come home and be with him. There was also the fact that my “gf” claimed our son on our taxes and threatened to size the entirety of the refund money (despite the fact that she did not work at all the past year and I had taken out a personal loan in my name for HER on the understanding we would pay that loan off with tax return money).


But I cannot tolerate the mother any longer. She has used my unwillingness to evict her against me. I told myself that the next time things got bad, *she* was leaving *my* house.

I have endured so much during this 3 year relationship for the sake of my son. Well I have recently come to the conclusion that my live in “girlfriend” has been driving around in the car smoking with my son in the back seat. I don’t know how long this has been happening for but I’ve had suspicions at least 2 months. She would take him on a drive to tire him out and he’d come home reeking of tobacco smoke. 

I’ve made many comments over the past few weeks when shed return from these drives, and she vehemently denies having ever smoked with her son in the car. For context, I caught her smoking during the pregnancy. Sneaking her black-n-mild cigars here and there on drives. I suspected her for weeks and she lied to my face about it many times. I finally found her stash one day and wrapped our baby’s fucking ultrasound picture around her cigar so the next time she went to go sneak a puff shed find a picture of her unborn son staring at her. I let her know in no uncertain terms she was out of the house on her ass if I ever caught her smoking while pregnant again.

Now she has lied to me for at least 2 months about smoking with him in the backseat. Last night was the final straw. When he left he did not smell of smoke. My car did not smell of smoke. She returned reeking of smoke. His hair reeked. His jacket reeked. I walked outside and opened the car door, it was unmistakable that she had just smoked in the fucking car with him in it.

I need to know how to get her out of my home. I don’t want to cut her out of my sons life but I need to get her out of my home without turning myself into a Weekend Dad. But this bitch has to go. Please. Someone tell me what I have to do to remove her from my house and what my options are to keep my son?"
Employer takes tips, claims it’s “tipping the truck” I’ve been working at this food truck for a few months now where we accept tips from customers via the square app, as well as having a tip jar on display. However us employees actually don’t ever receive the tips and instead the owner collects them. He claims that since it’s a food truck that’s been open for a year that people “tip the truck” to cover expenses for the first year. It’s also been over a year that the truck has been open and we still don’t receive tips. We are paid $8 an hour so there is not tip credits involved. This is also in Texas. Any help about what I can do about the situation would be appreciated !
"[California] Full-Time Hourly Employee. Got Hours Reduced from 40 to 16. Employer said they're still considering me Full-Time on Paper but is also encouraging us to file for Unemployment. Is this Considered Fraud? Hi Guys,

The title says the gist of it. Employer told the entire team that hour ours will be reduced from 40 to 16 a week temporarily due to COVID. They encouraged all of us to file for unemployment, but they said on paper they will still consider us as Full-Time employees so we can still accrue our benefits. All of us find their reasoning questionable we have this theory that they are doing this to get approved for the PPP loan.  We don't have an HR Dept or HR Team to get any clarification about this. 

I have 2 questions: 

* Will the fact that I'm still considered a Full-Time employee, despite the reduced hours, affect my Unemployment filing?
* Do employees have to be considered ""Full-Time"" to get approved for the PPP loan?"
"Got rear ended but got the ticket for 'improper lane usage' - advice? [IL] 23/IL. A couple of weeks ago I was involved in an accident - with no damage to my car and a cracked reflector to hers - after changing lanes to avoid a car stopped in the lane in front of me whose wheel had fallen off. I had checked behind me to see if cars were letting me in, as had been happening prior to the accident, saw the lane was clear, and completed a lane transition before being hit. Flipped on my hazards and got out to see an 87 year old lady who was insisting (albeit meanly) I better have good insurance, as she'd never been in an accident before in her entire life (neither have I, lady). 

An unmarked cop car rolled up to take our details for his report and write out a citation (apparently mine, as listed in the title). The cop said that I could likely appeal and get off with one of those driver safety classes and the ticket would drop off in six months, but I'm unsure if I could effectively represent myself or if I should hire a lawyer (I'm looking at one with ""15 years of experience"" in traffic law). I'm also unsure if this would be better or worse, time/money wise, than paying the $120 ticket and letting it sit on my record for however long. I was not intoxicated at the time, and she was just really old and kept insisting that I caused the wheel to fall off of the kid's car in the lane I'd switched out of. (I informed her approximately three times that I could not have caused his wheel to fall off, as my car was nowhere near his at the time it happened.)

1. Do you think I could get away with just the driver safety class if I argued my case effectively?

2. Should I hire a lawyer to defend me, or can I defend myself?

3. If I do lose the case, would it cost me more than the $120 ticket and potential lawyer fees?

tl;dr - Got rear ended by an old lady who wasn't really with it. Should I fight the ticket I got?"
"(WA) Host not giving back agreed-upon amount after cancellation About a month ago, my roommate and I (from a different state) booked a property in Seattle, Washington listing on a platform similar to Airbnb, but we had to cancel after one week. The landlord explicitly told us (via this messaging platform and we have proof of it) that he would refund a certain amount of money if we cancelled. However, 5 weeks later, the landlord has still not refunded us the money and took 19 days to respond to our repeated messages. He finally responded when we filed a complaint with the BBB, informed him of our potential legal suit, and reminded him of his contractual obligation. The total dollar amount he owes us is more than $1k.

We have already informed him that failure to refund us as agreed upon in the contract means that we will pursue legal action. If we do end up having to go through with this, what are the next best steps? Does anyone have any idea whether our case is winnable in small claims court in King County? (We have all the evidence and myriads of emails, communication with support staff of that platform who are on our side, all chats on the messaging platform, etc.)"
"Legality of Strong-arming Someone to Cut Their hourly wage? \*Using They/Them/Their to help avoid possible identification, This takes place in Nevada

Someone I know has had a recent issue at a very large retailer in regards to his wage. They recently stepped down to an hourly position and initially was told they would be paid a significantly smaller amount than anticipated, however the job offer was given for a much higher amount that they and their store manager signed off on. Two days ago he was notified by the store HR that they can only pay them the lower amount that wasn't agreed to. It's been three weeks since he received pay and if they go to accept the payout from the cash office they'll only pay them the hourly rate not signed off on for the hours worked which they worked under the rate they signed off on with their store manager. My friend is already beginning the open-door process and their store manager and Market HR have told them it was a mistake and it won't change. They are currently taking the next step which will be regional HR.  


Some Notes - Friend has a paper trail of the emails of the offer along with the emails and responses in regards to the open door. This done via computer, requiring both their and the store manager's signature (same manager that is trying to backtrack now). The system is still not registering them as an hourly employee, still has access to their salary manager tools and cannot punch in (Has done paper time adjustments though). Friend has worked at the company for many years, several being before they went to salary. They're also forcing them to claim 0 on their paycheck (not sure if this is legal or not?)."
"Colorado, USA. I believe my sister is neglecting her children. Is it possible for me and my wife to adopt them against her wishes? My sister has a daughter and another child on the way by the same man. 

The father is in prison, again. 

She has children by a different father and has visitation rights to them after the divorce but was not awarded primary custody.

She has very little ability to provide. She claims to be in school. I know she is unemployed. I have no idea how she pays any bills or provides basic needs for my niece. The baby will not improve this situation. 

My 4 year old niece has begun to run away from all family members who my sister might see as a threat or how question her ability to parent. We believe she may be telling her lies about her family to keep her from telling us anything incriminating. 

What constitutes neglect in a legal sense? 

How do we go about having her investigated?

If the neglect were proven and the children taken by whatever agency(assuming the baby has arrived by the time this all hypothetically happened), what is the best way for us to try and adopt them?

We live out of state and are happily married, raising our own children successfully, both gainfully employed, can afford to adopt and provide for more children, own our own home. 

Please help us get our bearings and find out if this is A) possible, B)Probable. The last thing we want to do is try and fail, and then be denied access to our niece and her sibling forever. 

Thank you so much LegalAdvice



"
"Landlord is Refusing to Credit Rent Due to Unit Being Untenable Hello! First time posting here and hopefully it’s the last. Long story short, the ac was broken prior to move-in and took 2 weeks to get fixed and the landlord is dodging every question and concern I have. I live in Florida and no cooling caused the condo to reach temperatures regularly above 88° in mid April. I have read the tenant laws in Florida and feel pretty comfortable going to small claims as a last case scenario. What should I do to strengthen my case?

I’ve already typed out the letter I’m going to get notarized and send via certified mail. Also been keeping a journal of all events, calls, and voicemails. 
There’s multiple small violations of the lease that I couldn’t care less about such as broken screens the fact that rent shouldn’t be collected until I am approved by the association (stated in the lease). Her ‘life partner’ also threatened me directly the same day I asked about being credited for the time lost saying they’d have no choice but to report bureau with the intention of destroying my credit.  This was the point where I got fed up with them and told them I won’t communicate via phone and only in writing. I’m 99% sure this violates “Obligation of Good Faith”. 
Also, the receipts she sent for move in costs were mislabeled. rental payments to cover herself I guess. She listed the prorated first month rent as a first month deposit saying this is needed to reserve the unit. The lease is very clear what payments are required and what each one is. I paid a security deposit, last month’s rent, and prorated first month’s rent. 

I’ve also never dealt with someone more unprofessional than this. She’s called me countless times leaving voicemails how she is not comfortable with texts or emails as a form of communication, only calling as it is more convenient for her. Am I within my rights to refuse these calls and demand everything in writing concerning the lease and condo regulations?

Sorry if this doesn’t belong here I’ll gladly take it down and put it somewhere else. I’m just so nervous about this situation on top of the global situation we’re all facing. Thank you for all your time, stay safe."
"I have a question about court proceedings. My husband was arrested for DV 3rd in Alabama. I was unable to communicate clearly during the initial report. The reporting officer asked me to update the report. With the update the officer and my lawyer are considering the possibility of the case actually being DV 2. 

What should I expect in court for DV 2 and DV 3 (if the code is updated after giving my account of the incident)."
I applied to renew a lease but haven’t signed it...am I legally bound to the lease offer? I am a student who lives in an apartment in Arizona with three other roommates. I applied to renew my lease for the next year and was sent a lease but have not signed it. This past year our leases were written individually with each one of us receiving a lease between the landlord and one of us; however, this upcoming year the lease is between all four of us and then the landlord. Two people have signed but another roommate who also applied to renew but no longer plans on doing so and I have not. Today I received a call from the landlord who stated that we are legally bound by this lease despite not signing it yet with their reasoning being they have written a lease with our names on it. Is this true? Thank you for your help.
"Close friend hacked me and others in 2013, now is going to federal prison. Can we get damages? Edit: He is in CT, some of us are in MA, NJ, CT, WA, and ME 

Like the title says, one of my (former) close friends is going to federal prison for hacking almost 300 people’s accounts and being a part of the Celebgate nude leak. Got a letter in the mail awhile back that I was a victim of Access Without Authorization to Obtain Information, but thought it was about the Equifax leak until this week. 

A lot of people in my friend group were victims, but we don’t know exactly what he took of ours or what he had access to. There isn’t any information on the VNS. What are our options here? Should we get lawyers? Do we ride it out until he is formally sentenced in a month and see where the cards fall?

Thanks!"
"Received a citation with the criminal box checked (Massachusetts) for a minor traffic incident. What do I do So the quick synopsis is, i was leaving a store to go to work, and I bumped into another car going about 3-4 mph or so. Initially I pulled in to write a note and instead I stupidly left bc I was running late to work. It was a stupid, asshole move and I get that. 

I talked to the police after they called me that night and I vaguely answered their questions trying my best to not say too much, they said I would get a citation to show up in court, which I obviously expected. I got it today and the criminal box is checked and it seems it’s being done as a criminal charge

My criminal, and traffic record are both spotless, aside from this. I’ve been driving for about 7 years or so. My question to you all is, what should I do, I don’t have the money to pay for a legal representation, what are the possible ramifications if I show up alone to speak for myself? What should i do about legal representation? I’m really nervous and I’m in school and don’t have a lot of money.. I was planning on going and just agreeing to pay whatever fine and whatever else 

Thanks"
"IL - I moved into my apartment 3 days ago and yesterday the oven caught fire on my first time using it. The hallway fire alarms didn't work, do I have any options for recourse? Hello! So this post is going to be a bit of a mess, mostly because there are a lot of moving parts and I want to be 100% transparent. 

My lease began May 1st, but I didn't move in fully until the 12th. Yesterday evening I was baking some breadsticks and no more than 10min after having the oven on and 5 minutes of frozen breadsticks in the oven it caught fire. As smoke thickened my boyfriend (not a tenant just helping me move in) tried pulling the fire alarm but it didn't do anything so he knocked on neighbors' doors to let them know. One of my neighbors broke the extinguisher gas and went into my unit to put it out. I have called the fire department at this point. 

I gave my statements to police and fire. My landlord showed up to examine the unit and let me know they'd be replacing the oven, and I'll get it on the 16th. 


Luckily none of my stuff is permanently damaged, just gross from smoke and fire extinguisher dust. Especially since my renter's insurance doesn't kick in until tomorrow. 

In addition I have a bunny in my apartment that technically has not been approved by management though I have an ESA letter from my doctor. 

My question is, do I have any options for holding the company/landlord accountable? They say they did a safety check for electric, plumbing ect. But I have my doubts since it caught fire my first time using it. 

Let me know if you need any additional information."
"Agreeing to pay someone money without having received anything in exchange If I make contract agreeing to help someone out, to give him money at a later date for instance, and I don't honor that contract, can he then take me to court over it?

(UK)"
Can I be kicked out of my room? (South Dakota) In late 2017 me, my sister, and her boyfriend all agreed to rent a place together at the rate of $280 each. I have recently learned she is attempting to give me the boot in favor of a new room mate who is willing to pay more and my question is can she do that? Our agreement is only verbal with this facebook message being my only proof https://imgur.com/a/w26KJ and as a side note does being co-head on the lease give me any benifit? Also she is threatening to stop paying completely if I don't leave after march.
"My (18M) girlfriend (18F) parents want to sue me because we had sex when she was 17 even though we both consented. Few things before I explain. Sorry for the format and grammar. I’m on mobile and English is not my native language. 

Just how the title says, my GF parents want to sue me because we had sex when she was underage but for some background I’ll explain.

My GF and I met almost a year ago, she was still 17 and I was fresh from turning 18. We started talking and our relationship flourish. A few months we later we both decided to have sex. We used protection and everything was fine until they found out what we did.

My GF parents have always been extreme to the point that that it can be considered abuse (not physical but emotional). They invade her privacy and she had to see psychologist for all the things that they have done and said. I won’t say the things because it’s not for me to share. 

Recently they haven’t let me see my GF even if we are both 18 and are college students. They have also said to my girlfriend that they can and will sue me if I keep “harassing their daughter”  and because she was underage when we both consented to have sex. 

Now what I’m asking for it’s for some advice on how I can defend myself if they actually sue me. I have evidence on emotional abuse that they have caused to my girlfriend and I don’t know much about law but maybe the psychologist can say something too

Any help will be much appreciated"
"Bought a car with a lien on the title, what to do now ( yeah, i know) Hello,

Disclaimer: i realize how dumb it was that my husband and I , as well as the person selling us the car, didn't realize this at the point of sale. Will never make this mistake again and I just need some advice on what you would do to move forward if you were in this situation

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR- bought car from someone, the title was still registered to the original owner (guy's neighbor) and there's an active lien on it. Car is a 2002, think it could be  a mistake with the company because that would be a really really long loan. if the original seller (neighbor) isn't responding to the seller we bought it from, what should we do to get the car legal or to otherwise get out of this situation?

husband and I have essentially been sharing a car on and off for two years, but we live in a pretty rural area and it has posed many problems, as I  commute to work about 40 mins away. After buying a second car in October 2019, we started having issues with the one we had been sharing &amp; racking up miles on (it was my first car), so we started to look for another car. We ended up finding something on Facebook marketplace and meeting up with someone. He has been in contact with us since we purchased the vehicle from him. The person we bought the car from bought the car from his neighbor, and only used it a couple weeks as his truck was currently at the shop being worked on. The neighbor never filled out the title, so the title is still registered to the original seller (the neighbor). We figured this out after going on the vin lookup site  for Michigan and seeing there is still an active lien on the title. The seller has been in contact with the neighbor and had told us some time ago that she was working to get the lien off and that he had given her $40 to do so. We message him every so often, and for a while it sounded like things were going well. In all honesty, it seems like she was not aware of the car still having an active lien on it because what good would it do her to knowingly sell a car with a lien on it, when the title is still registered to her? It's also believable that the person who sold the car to us didn't realize it, as it sounded like he was just driving it to work for a few weeks and didn't ever even register it. He was planning on selling it when he bought it, he told us. Should we just ask him for the information about the original seller and try to contact her about this and see what we can do to help, or is there a way we can go about this some other way? I would appreciate any guidance.

&amp;#x200B;

Obviously, none of us are very bright about this or were in that moment (lol). My husband and i were just so excited to have finally found a car that worked and ran, all for only $800. If there's one good thing, it's that at least we haven't sunk a lot of money into this so far, just a lot of regret about not looking over the title more carefully.   


This has been a huge source of anxiety for us. My husband struggles with Bipolar depression and I with anxiety, and though we have been able to relax on this issue being quarantined and me working from home, we are either going to have to get this resolved or buy another car before I have to start commuting back to work. Thanks for reading this."
"Landlord is asking for a copy of rental agreement after I sent a letter of demand for my security deposit back. First, details : I live and rented from this landlord in Washington state. It was month to month, had to pay first+last+security deposit and it was relatively lax with a sparse rental agreement and payments in cash. It was a very casual rental situation because the landlord was cool and the place was a work-in-progress situation.  
  
After I gave her notice (which she acknowledged), cleaned, and moved out, I waited almost a month and didn't hear anything from her. I asked for her to send my deposit via text because that was how we communicated. No reply for a couple weeks, so I asked again and nothing. In comes my letter of demand asking for my deposit by 5/20 and she called me asking for a copy of the rental agreement because I assume she lost it. She is forgetful and a bit on the old side, so I understand, but I don't know if I should.  
  
I already told her I would send her a copy of the rental agreement like a fool because she's this frail character and I felt like I couldn't say no. I was also not sure if somewhere, somehow there is a little tidbit in law that says I would have to provide a copy if asked, but I feel like that is not the case and there would be no benefit to sending a copy.  
  
I don't want to be an asshole about anything because I feel like we've always been on relatively good terms, but I'm conflicted about this whole situation. Is there any reason for me to send her a copy of the rental agreement that *she* lost? For that matter, is there any reason I *shouldn't*? Since I already told her I would send her a copy, I don't want to go back on my word, but if I *should* avoid sending a copy, I don't know how to tell her no.  
___
**tl;dr :** landlord is asking for a copy of the rental agreement after I sent her a letter of demand for my security deposit. I foolishly told her I would send her a copy but I'm not sure if I should.  
  
Any advice would be much appreciated. Thank you for your time."
"Husband’s ex-wife threatening court over custody arrangement and COVID Hello. My husband and I are located in Florida, the ex is in Missouri. They divorced in 2011 and have had a custody/child support agreement in place since then. The arrangement is she has the son during the school year and we have him during the summer, as we live 1000 miles away. She also receives monthly child support. 

Here’s the issue: we had originally discussed not taking him this year because of lockdowns and COVID. Flying isn’t exactly safe for virus free travel, nor is driving through 6 states with various stops for food/gas. Exposing myself or my husband like that is a concern, as is exposing his son during the trip and our daughter afterwards. We have expressed these concerns, but she just tells us it’s no higher risk. 

She is now threatening to take us back to court to increase the child support because we’re not following the custody arrangement (despite exigent circumstances). 

Additional information: their son is special needs; he’s severely developmentally delayed. He’s is 13 (almost 14) and has the mentality of a 6/7 year old. The mother said he’s been diagnosed autistic, but the diagnosis was done by a school counselor to get an IEP. She has never gotten him officially diagnosed nor proper therapy. Because of this, we can’t get him therapy or in a special day program here and we don’t have him long enough to get a diagnosis. He also has rage and defiance issues, especially towards me and my daughter. 

Please help. Should we risk the health of our family or take her back to court?"
"EIDL Loan contract question (not grant) A section of the contract states,

""Borrower will use all the proceeds of this Loan solely as **working capital** to alleviate economic injury caused by disaster-""

It also states,

""Borrower will, **to the extent feasible**, purchase only ***American-made*** equipment and products with the proceeds of this Loan.""

I am a drop ship business who can benefit from this working capital for the inventory I purchase but it is not American made. 

The paragraph also says, ""-to the extent feasible-"". 

Sourcing my inventory would be impossible since they are all manufactured in a foreign country. Since using the loan as working capital to purchase inventory that is American-made would not be easy nor convenient to my business, would that mean it would not breach contract to continue my operations as normal?

&amp;#x200B;

I understand that any information given is for informational purposes and should not be construed as legal advice."
"Schizophrenic mother being evicted Today the landlord told me mom cannot stay in the apartment anymore and I need to come up with ‘a plan’.
My mom stopped taking her medication in February 2020 and since then she has been cycling between full delusions/hallucinations and depressions. I am her daughter and primary caregiver and we live together in a rental apartment. She has been constantly calling the police on ‘stalkers’ etc. Also going into loud arguments screaming/yelling with the imaginary people. This is a non smoking building and she smokes almost 2 packs a day and refuses to stop. 
If all of this is not bad enough, recently in the parking lot she backed up her car a few inches when a neighbor was walking past and threatened to hit her!
This was the final straw as the landlord is frightened for the safety of the tenants etc. 
I completely understand the landlords concerns, but I need some guidance on mom’s rights and what kind of time line this will be? 
My mom is over 65 and is legally disabled both mentally and physically due to severe arthritis and is a fall risk. She is low income as well. 
She has refused all forms of medication and treatment . I have spoken to her doctors and case worker who cannot do anything as it’s her right to refuse treatment. 
She was 302 in February and it did not help at all. They discharged her after a few days. 
At this point I am afraid she will be homeless or living in the car. 
How fast can the landlord evict her? Is this a ‘valid’ reason for eviction? Mom won’t go willingly, will the landlord have to take her to court? what are her rights if any in this situation? 
We are in PA if that helps any.

I appreciate any guidance or suggestions. Thank-you for reading."
"HI- Landlord requesting second months rent before delivery of the keys citing advice from his lawyer, is this normal? My SO and I are looking to rent an apartment in HI. We are currently based in WA. 

We received an email from the landlord (who is our landlord because we have a signed rental agreement, payment of first months rent, and paid security deposit) saying that his lawyer advised him to collect second months rent as he’s holding the property for us, or he should just give the property out to someone else and refund our money. 

We signed the rental agreement in early May, and on the agreement our move in date was July 31st, conditional on payment of first months rent and the security deposit. 

My legal question is whether or not we need to pay the second months rent before we move in, AND, if he (the landlord) can delay the delivery of the keys that he has already shipped, or deny delivery of them to us until we pay it? 

The situation doesn’t sit right with me, how should I proceed?"
"NY driver, NJ ticket I’m from New York and I got a ticket for careless driving in New Jersey last month and am curious how this violation translates from NJ to NY and whether I’d be given any points on my license from the NY DMV. 

In NJ there is “careless driving”, and there is the more severe “reckless driving”. However in NY there is no “careless driving” violation, there is only “reckless driving”. 

Any help is appreciated, thanks!"
"[WA State] Lawyers told us no payment if we lose case, contract says differently. My Fiancé was molested when he was younger. He recently came forward and filed a police report. An investigation was done both by the police and the employer of the molester who molested my fiancé while working for this organization.

Both the police and the employers found the claim to be credible. However it was past the statute of limitations so no legal consequences fell to the molester or the organization. 

My fiancé started to see a counseling service for victims of sexual abuse. While at counseling, he was referred to a Law Firm that took up cases for victims of sexual abuse. After reviewing his case, this law firm offered to take his case and file a lawsuit. My fiancé was told by them that if he lost the case, there would be no financial payment, but if he won, they would take a substantial amount of the money awarded.

This was fine with my fiancé as he wasn’t interested in the money, what was important to him was to hold molester and employer accountable.

**Here’s where the problems start**

My fiancé initially signed a contract with the law firm (without consulting me or anyone, he’s very trusting). Now the law firm is looking to hire an additional law firm and have sent a new contract to be signed. 

I insisted on seeing the new contract before he signed it and noticed a few worrying things.

- Nowhere in the contract does it say that we don’t pay anything if we lose

- It states they can ask for advance payment at any time, but doesn’t say if that would be reimbursed in the case of a loss.

- It states they can cease working on this case and withdraw at any time and if they choose to do so, we owe them ALL their fees and costs. 

We are not sure what to do now, we emailed asking for clarification on these and they told us to call them to discuss it. My fiancé already signed the first contract that also has all these same clauses. We would like them to change the contract to remedy these worries but fear we have no bargaining power since he already signed the first contract. Right now it looks like we may be on the hook for a lot of legal expenses that we cannot afford.

Any advice on how to proceed is greatly appreciated. 
"
"(NH) Landlord had someone enter apartment while all tenants were gone, no notice given. Options? (somewhat urgent) After being gone for the period of one half hour, I came home to drywall on the ground. The chunk of drywall in our closet (tub pipe access point) was moved. My dog was freaking out. I called my roommate, she did not cause this. She was in another state. 

A year ago I let my landlord know that there was a problem with pipes. Nothing. It was mostly affecting my downstairs neighbor. He never fixed it. Last week I told him I found mold in the closet, he said he'd ""get someone to look at it."" 

I text him asking him if someone came in here. He at first played dumb, but eventually said that he asked someone to. I asked who? Refused to answer. Tells me they're coming back tomorrow and to stop asking questions. He says ""I own the building and have access to it."" He ends with ""Enough questions will be in there tomorrow to try to fix it.""

Knowing him, it's just some friend of his that he gave the key to, not a licenced plumber. My roommate and I are both working tomorrow and can't get the day off I have a dog and cat here. I'm afraid of some random man who has a key to my apartment. What if they copied it? It's just the two of us girls alone.

Would it be illegal for me to change the locks tonight and send a copy in the mail to my landlord? I don't know who this person is nor when they're coming!

Edit: If changing the locks is not a legal option, any other ideas or suggestions? Also, we have a month to month lease and will be leaving ASAP"
"California: I woke up to find my car gone. It turns out someone totaled it while it was parked, in the middle of the night, and the police had it towed away. Now they're saying I owe a bunch of money, and my insurance company won't seem to help me. Advice? So I parked my car (legally) on the street in front of my house last night, and I woke up to find my car gone. The car that was parked behind me last night was totaled. There was broken glass everywhere and a wrought iron fence behind the cars was destroyed. Walked back to my house to find a notice on the door, left by the police at 2am saying my car was involved in an accident.

I called the police, and they informed me that my car was towed for ""obstructing traffic"". I can only assume that whoever hit it either knocked it into the street or onto the sidewalk. The police gave me the number for the police report that had been filed, but told me they could not give me any other information until the report had been processed in 5-10 business days.

In the mean time, my car is in the impound lot accruing fees. I had to pay $140 at the police station to get my vehicle released. My insurance company says there isn't anything they can do for me until they know who the driver was who hit my car. The police won't tell me if they identified the driver involved or not.

I do not have collision insurance, so from what I understand, my insurance company is telling me that I will only get money for my car from the other party's insurance company, if they were identified.

My car is still in the impound lot. It's totaled. The front half is completely smashed in, and I have no where to put it. My insurance company can't send someone out to look at it for two days, and in the mean time, I am having to pay $69 per day every day the car sits in the lot. After my insurance company looks at the car, I'm going to have to sign it over to the impound lot, I think.

I also have to pay for them towing my car in the middle of the night, altogether it's going to be upward of $500. I missed work today to deal with this, and I'm going to have to call in again on Wednesday, when I go down to the lot to sign over the title to my car. I don't think my insurance company is planning to reimburse me for any of this, unless the other driver is found.

I woke up to a big mess, reddit, and now I owe a bunch of people more money than I have. What, if anything, can I do? Am I really just shit out of luck? I can't afford to replace my car if I don't get reimbursed for the loss of my vehicle."
"Xfinity contract breaking? Price gouging? Exploiting the Pandemic? (Xpost r/rbi) (I live in California)

This month I noticed that my Xfinity bill had increased significantly, which it really shouldn't as I am only 12 months'ish into a 24 month contract locked in at what should of been $118.38 a month. (increased from ~$118 to $145)

The first increase in price I noticed was a HUGE increase in Xfinity BROADCAST FEE, which I am already familiar with being a bullshit scam fee made up by Xfinity. What was odd to me though was that the price jumped from a $10 a month Broadcasting Fee to $15 a month in February which is already suspicious due to being the beginning of the pandemic and that fee almost doubling.

I understand that I was helpless against that fee, BUT my contract should still be good for the 24 months I signed it for. They said I had made ""changes"" to my contract when in fact I hadn't, and those so called ""changes"" are what nulled my contract. When I confronted them about the changes, they said that the contract didn't change but my ""package bundle"" is what changed and ""it's kinda weird"" how things works.

They even tried to push the current increased price on me as ""...the current cheapest option available..."" (WTF!? I think my contract price that I should have for another year is the cheapest price!)

I feel this seems way more shady than anything I've ever experienced with comcast, NOBODY answered my questions when confronted on these topics. I was put on hold multiple times for long periods after questioning them about these fake increases and ""changes to my plan"". They finally left me with no answers telling me they were going to launch an investigation.

Did anyone else experience anything ""weird"" like this, this month? Should I contact a lawyer? Maybe I'm crazy, and have been inside too long. It all feels extra dirty to me happening during the middle of a pandemic.

I have the Xfinity conversation PDF but everytime I try to share the link, this post gets removed."
"ATT disrupted service after threatening FCC complaint and attempted to sign in to my google account. Location: California, USA

First of all, I am not entirely sure if this is the best subreddit to post this in. So if there is a better place I'm completely open to suggestions. 

After noticing a weird reconnection fee charged on my October bill ($35), I started a chat looking for answers. The rep, Maria, stated that service can be interrupted automatically by the system if the balance carries over to the next due date. My service was never interrupted so there is no reason for a reconnection fee.

Then she changes her statement and says that it can be interrupted ANYTIME after the next bill is generated and the balance from the previous bill isn't paid (needless to say I paid the bill 19 days late). I called her out and said that is not what she said earlier and I would be filing a complaint with the FCC. Right as I selected to email the chat to myself, my Wi-Fi cut out on all of my devices. Maria sent one last message that she would be getting her manager involved.

I decide to hotspot to my computer to try and restore the chat but then when I clicked the email button again, the page refreshed on its own and I lost the chat. At that moment, I get a call from ATT who says they are going to take care of the charge, but then I get a text from google (I have 2 step authentication set up) that says they blocked an attempt to sign into my account.

The warning says that they knew my password, but it wasn't an authorized device so they blocked it. The IP address of the device is registered to ATT! 

So the rep that called me said he would take care of the charge and transferred me to some other woman. I told her everything and she suggested that I copy the chat to MS Word. When I mentioned the Wifi cutting out she flat out said ""yeah, the chat people do that so that you won't keep the conversations"". I am still floored that she admitted this. I even asked her if this call was being recorded (since they called me and never told me about our call being recorded which is funny being that California is a 2 party consent state). She even agreed when I said that was unbelievable unethical.

I'm still in shock about my experience, so I am wondering...is any of this legal? How am I supposed to navigate this situation?

Thank you for all of your help!



EDIT: it seems that it is plausible that the sign in attempt could be related to the hotspot but there is the other aspect of the situation: the disconnection of my service during my chat. 


The ATT rep, Debbie, flat out admitted by her own submission that the chat people will find ways to disrupt the chat so that the customers cannot keep records of the chat. For me, my WiFi stopped working (it has NEVER done that before) and ATT directly called me. Plus, Debbie told me the call was being recorded AFTER I asked her. Not once did they mention to me before that. "
"Our oven door smashed unexpectedly without anyone touching it, and our residential services wants us to pay. Posting from the UK

I'm unsure if this is the right place to post this. I'm currently at university, staying in student accommodation and my flat mate has said he was cooking and while the oven was still on. The inside layer of the glass door smashed while he was sitting at the other side of the room. I have no way of knowing if he actually did smash it himself as he was the only person present but there was another report of the same thing happening in the same residences.

Now the halls wants us to pay £169 to repair it, is there anything we can do as we're all students and paying that would destroy our budgets. Thanks."
"[CA] tenant rights when breaking a lease I’m currently in California. I had to break my lease early due to a job opportunity out of state

I understand that I’m on the hook for rent until a suitable tenant is found, and I have no problem with that. 

But I also understand that a landlord is required to make every effort to find a suitable tenant.

So far, from my perspective, the landlord has been dragging his feet. It’s been a week since I have my notice and no effort have been made to put the unit on the market. I’ve been told twice that it was gonna get done “today”, but found out later that it didn’t get done.

Where is the line as far as “making every effort to find a tenant” goes? Do I have any leverage at all to create some hustle in my landlord?"
"USA,NJ pulled over for being suspicious? The other night I parked on the side of the road to text someone back. After I was finished, I turned around and started driving. I was then pulled over and when I asked the officer why I was pulled over he said it was because I was ""In a suspicious spot"" and just generally being suspicious. He then interrogates me and complains to me about how one of the passengers in my car has been a ""Thorn in his side"" for quite some time. He tells me to sit back in my car and issues me a ticket for driving with more than one person in my car (Probationary License) Can I fight this in court and plea not guilty considering I was pulled over for absolutely no reason?"
"My homeowners buried the previous tenants' garbage in the backyard, and more. What options do I have in Ontario? As above. 

Context: The previous tenants (according to our new neighhbours) turned the house into a crack den. They trashed the place thoroughly. The homeowners compounded this by refusing to let a professional touch the place. They hired property management to look after leasing the property, but insisted on doing all their own reno's.

This has led to many issues so far, that the property management company I signed the lease with seems incapable of fixing, due to the owner's refusal to return any communications regarding maintenance and similar issues.

So far, we have hauled around four full bags of trash out of suspicious dirt mounds in our corner of a level-yarded neighbourhood. These mounds have included used (and full) oil filters, atv parts, cigarette wrappers, grocery packaging, scrap floor tile from the homeowner's ""renovations"" (this is why we're certain the homeowner is responsible).

This is not to mention that the house (which was advertised as freshly reno'd and painted) had only primer on the walls. No sanding had been done when they did the drywall mud before the primer, etc. The yard had no grass left to speak of because the owners spread shitty dirt/gravel over the grass and trash, then left leaves to rot on it over the course of their reno.

They also laid their own asphalt driveway, without a liner or gravel bed so there are a ton of plants pushing through it. They cut the internet line to the house while they did that.

They also insulated the garage, and cut a bunch of wires too the inside of the house. The electrical box got left unlabelled in the scramble to restore power (best guess).

We've asked the property management about paint colours, grass, and even the tree branch rubbing the roof shingles off. And the power, and the internet, and the driveway.

Their only response has been apologies and an in-person explanation that the owners are penny-pinching and awful to deal with, and that they won't respond to any messages. 

Bell gas stopped by to mark the lines for digging and fixing the exterior part. 

But like, what else can I do? I'm paying a hefty amount of cash for this 4 bed single house in Ontario, Canada. I don't really want to move, but I'm not convinced this is so much a  landlord/tenant act case so much as an Environmental Protection Act case. Should I just suck it up?

I dug up a lot of the garbage, trimmed all the plants and re-leveled some of the yard. We're seeding it today for grass.

Any and all recommendations welcome."
"[CA] does organizing a community pub crawl open me up to personal liability? One of the local bar owners asked if I have event insurance but I'm doing nothing more than asking people to come out for a pub crawl on the same night and go between 3 bars.   I'm not asking for any money for any charity or business and I'm not having any shirts or anything made.  

I can't find any information about a permit or insurance that would apply here.

I'm not trying to avoid any responsibility but I also don't want to just take a bar owners comments as the law.  

Any thoughts or experience?"
"Oregon] Question about a contract clause at an eating disorder facility. Bonus insurance question. First, I am sinply interested in thoughts or opinions. I have no damages and no intent to do anything. I am not upset; truly am  just curious. I read this sub almost daily, and what I have read here over time has made me wonder if something was legally enforceable, or possibly insurance fraud. I'll try to be concise, and thanks in advance. Sorry for throwaway, I made it recently to ask a question but found the answer in another thread. (She doesn't suck. I was entirely wrong and upset at the moment. Turns out she's actually pretty cool.)


About 10 years ago, I had a period of stress and lost a lot of weight, down from 120 to 80 over a few months. I believed I had anorexia and sought help by going to a therapist who recommended residential treatment where she also worked. It is *not* a medical facility, and is entirely voluntary. Clients are self-refered, and only need to see a doctor to be medically cleared to live there and participate. Insurance will often cover this sort of treatment. My own insurance pre-approved one week based on questions I was asked in an interview by the facility, then renewed on a weekly basis. (I realize each insurance company has different coverage; this was mine. Nearly all women there had a similar scheme where it had weekly or bi-weekly review for renewal)



I was put on the waitlist until a bed came open 10 weeks from ""acceptance"" as they always have a months-long wait list. It was the first open bed in any of dozens of facilities I applied to nationwide. I think this is relevant, and why I wonder about the enforceability of the clause. 


When I signed the contract, I had to commit to a minimum of 30 days, but ideally the program is 3 to 12 months.  I had approval for my insurance for 7 days, then needed their approval each week going forward. They said that if insurance stops paying, they will discharge, which I saw happen many times.  Those clients would leave the next day without penalty. However, if I decided I wanted to leave at **any** time, not just the first month, unless either my insurance stopped paying, or they ""graduated"" me from the entire program, I would have to give 14 day's notice, or pay the full non-insurance-contracted price for those days. 


I was discharged after a couple weeks because I needed more medical care than they could provide. However, while I was there, two of the other women were both being ""held"" there during the notice period and (of course) opted to stay and have their insurance cover the larger portion  (mine paid 70%) instead of the roughly $30,000 penalty for two weeks. They were miserable, wouldn't participate, and angry because they didn't want to be there, plus likely paying several thousand dollars for their coinsurance anyway. I don't blame them; I can only imagine how frustrating that would be. Pay 30k to be allowed to go home to your family and seek other treatment, or delay it by two weeks, and still pay a lot more money than most can easily afford for something you expressly don't want. 


My questions: 



First:: If someone left, the bed would be always filled no later than the following day, usually the same. Can they collect for two clients in the same spot? Is it like landlord tenant law where they can't double dip, or is this more like a lease break fee? (I read the contract, it does not give a reason, like mitigating turnover costs.  The director explained it was indeed meant to discourage women from leaving, because women might change their minds, and shorter notice period places she used to work had too much turnover) Most women were just beginning adulthood and feel this was possibly an unenforceable scare tactic because 18 year olds don't understand contract laws. (Nor do I, but certainly more than I did at age 18.)


Second: Since insurance only approves one week at a time, and the facility had to call and request approval for the next week, is it legal for them to request payment for services specifically *not* requested by the patient? I asked my insurance this, and they said they would have stopped paying on request, so ""freeing"" me if I wanted. But, we were not permitted to call our insurance companies ourselves. (House rules for phone use made it impossible.) Isn't it fraudulent to call insurance and request approval for services they know are not wanted by a patient? Shouldn't they be required to disclose the patient requested discharge?


Sorry for so much text. Again, I am just curious about this from discussions that I've read here, and truly appreciate insight. If this is too off topic, please let me know where it might belong better. 


Also, if anyone wonders, I am doing well. I have difficulty eating, but it turned out the underlying cause was medical and not psychological. I religiously follow both medical treatment and my dietitians recommendations as its a chronic disease, and suffer no more or less mental problems than the average person. Everyone does to some extent, I suppose. I just misdiagnosed my own. 


TLDR:


Can a residential facility for eating disorder charge a client 14 days of treatment not given for leaving before they facility felt they were ""fixed"", despite no monetary loss to the facility from the discharge?


Also wonder if it's legal for a provider to request payment pre-approval for services a patient does not want, and told the provider they were unwanted. 


Plus a note that I am fine now."
"Is my landlord able to survey and stalk me at their property I reside in? Question is self explanatory, but I'll give a bit of insight.

So on Friday, my landlord texted me to ask if they could talk to me before I left to be out of town for a few weeks. Unfortunately I had already left on Wednesday so I let them know that I'd be happy to talk via phone call. They denied this and said it had to be in person, which is fine. 

Then, today, they messaged me asking why I was ""lying"" to them about being gone because they had seen my car moved from one parking spot to another (my roommate and I share a car, and they are still in town). 

The thing about this is that my landlord does NOT reside in the property and it means that they had to have come over to make sure that I wasn't lying. 

Not to mention lately they've been driving past the property, watching me from their car when I'm taking out the trash, getting the mail, or just minding my own business.

To me, this is a huge violation of privacy. I feel uncomfortable to leave the house alone now when I return and I am not okay with this occurring. I believe that the landlord is trying to either find the right time to evict me, or simply try and pull some strings to raise my rent/pry me for personal information (My landlord is notorious for constantly trying to get more information on things. One of my old roommates moved out and they demanded to know their new housing situation, how much they were paying, etc. They also have tried to put 6 months worth of utilities dolloped at the end of the year when the lease specified it would be paid monthly, until I mentioned it to them two months into the lease).


I have asked the landlord to kindly stop monitoring my every move, as it makes me incredibly unsafe and uncomfortable. I am a quiet tenant, I pay my rent on time, I keep the house and the hard tidy, and I rarely have people over. I do not know what would cause them to watch me like this.


Is there anything I can do to stop this? Is there any legal action I can pursue?"
Parents took laptop, I am 18 living on my own. Im back from college this winter, and my parents took my computer when I was out of their house at a friends. Their reason was because this is a computer free house. I told them that I want it back or I'm leaving. They refuse to give it back, I need that laptop to sign up for my next semester classes and answer emails. What can I do? My mom literally wont let me get my computer, so I can go hang at a friends house until my next semester starts. Please help. I live in California and go to college in Arizona.
Just passed the Bar exam - I want to sue someone/some company and make some money Just passed the Bar - first time taking it, so obviously I know what I'm doing. I have a lot of debt and bills I need to pay over the coming month. I want to use my new skill set to start suing people and making some cash either from quick settlements or winning outright. Anyone know of some prime targets I can go after...small businesses, shady companies, individuals, etc. Thanks!
"Friend who goes to a different college wants to pay me to complete an online class for him. Could I get in trouble for this? We live in NJ, USA but are in different universities.

So I am well aware that what he’s doing is a violation of academic integrity policies. If he gets caught that’s his problem and I’m not really concerned about it. But is there any way this could hurt my standing at my own school or get me into deeper trouble? If it makes a difference I am an alumni of the county college he currently attends.

Thanks for any advice."
"Roaches. How Do I Get Out? [Dallas, TX] Hello, 

I've had a roach problem in my apartment going on two years. I reported the problem in writing my first year living here. An exterminator was sent. Honestly I'm not sure these guys were real exterminators. I live in a sketch apartment. Anyway I stupidly signed the lease for a second year. I wasn't in the position to move at the time. I've purchased every roach deterrent you can think of. Still have roaches. I can't live like this. I'm disgusted in my own apartment. I can't even eat without thinking one is going to run up on my dining table. Which has happened. I'm going to lose my mind. 

Is there any legal way out without having to pay the fine for breaking the lease and paying for the remainder of the lease term? 

I've been documenting the roaches when I don't kill them first. 

Please help

Thanks"
"CA Court Sent Bill to Collections Before Date Specified in Notice Hey all. I was one of the lucky folks in L.A. to receive a red light camera ticket. The ticket arrived right after I lost my job, right before the holidays, and right before starting a new job, so I completely forgot about it (100% my fault).

I received a final notice for the ticket that was dated March 3, 2020. The notice said I had 20 calendar days to pay the ticket before it would be sent to collections. On March 13, 2020, I went to the court's website to pay the ticket but was met with a notice that it had already been sent to collections. This also happened to be the day that LA County essentially went on lockdown due to COVID-19.

I finally received the bill from the collections agency where the total cost owed is nearly double the original amount.

My question is this: How should I best handle this situation considering the fact that the court sent this bill to collections before the court-specified 20 calendar days had passed? 

Thanks!"
"Fired after reporting ongoing bullying, including sexual harassment. Do I have a case in this situation? This has been a nightmare. I have lost hope, not even exaggerating.

After three awesome years at this company, I was placed on a team a few months ago with a manager who did not like me. Lunches with the rest of the team without me, withholding info, etc etc. I always kept my cool. Never confronted. Kept doing a stellar job with our customers and receiving high feedback from customers. Then situations starting escalating:

Two months ago a Training Director made a comment in a large group meeting, a joke about me having syphillis ( which I dont have obviously). I reported this to his boss, the VP of HR, who extended me a written apology. 

Two weeks later a second employee yelled at me on this team. I didnt report it, but a bystander did. However, nothing was done. 

Two weeks later my manager and another employee came into my office and took away my (company-provided) five foot shelf. They took my personal photos and books and stuffed them in a storage closet across the department, did not tell me what they had done, and my manager put the shelf in her own office. I went to her boss (VP of IT) and reported this, without excitement and in a very even tone. He responded by yelling at me "" You're always causing trouble lately! Im done with you."" He ORDERED ME to walk down to HR with him.

Once at HR, the VP of HR told the VP of IT that he was being too loud and to please leave the building until he calmed down! He left!

HR took my story. I told them all of this.

When the VP of IT returned, he was with my manager. They told the HR persons I was with that I had yelled at someone when I discovered that my shelf was gone. COMPLETELY MANUFACTURED story. I was terminated right there.

It's been six weeks. None of my contacts at work will respond to me, I think they all believe the story that was made-up about me. I've lost my reputation, and all of my references from that job. I had built a stellar career there.

I live in an At Will state. Albuquerque, NM. They also told me that they were not firing me With Cause (despite the story they made up about me), so I have been able to collect a little Unemployment. 

But Im now a jobless single parent, dad to an 8 yr old, with termination in my immediate work history. Im scared and my bank account is running dry soon.

Is there anything I can do to get justice out of this nightmare situation? What can I expect if I try, what are my chances?"
"Business Partner May Have Sold Shares Illegally (KY) I am trying to gather some information regarding a minority partner who ""sold"" his shares in a business partnership. I recently put together a board of advisors for my business and we are seeking some clarity on the situation in order to make some better judgments. 

In October of this past year, after several months of some taxing negotiations, we agreed on a price for 'financial remuneration"" (this was not an evaluation of the shares). During the last phase of these negotiations, however, he added into the cost payment of his legal fees that almost doubled the price we had agreed to. I informed him that I would not agree to purchase the interest for double the price that I had offered. A few weeks later, my landlord offered to ""buy"" the shares and simply pay him out of future profits over the course of the year (we don't have profits). I was presented with documents stating 1) that I had been offered first refusal and 2) that I approved of the transactional sale. I was merely at a point of decision exhaustion, depressed and burnt out through the series of events, my family was just wanting this to be done (he was emotionally unhinged the entire time). I signed the approval of the sale *thinking* that he could sell for whatever price he wanted to to the highest buyer as long as I turned it down. I thought this was the end of the story and I had a new minority partner that despite some conflicts of interest we could find a way to work together or pursue a purchase later on.

Recently in going over our old operating agreement, I discovered that it notes that *if* a member proposes to sell his interest in whole or in part, there must be *mutual* agreement on the price (""that Member must first make a written offer to sell his or her interest to the other Members at a price determined by mutual agreement."") Since he raised the price beyond what we agreed on to what was out of my reach, was this actually a legal sale even though I signed in approval? It looks like those legal documents were drawn up without consideration of what our operating agreement stated and I got one pulled over on me. 

I am not sure what to do at this point. I only know that now my new minority partner wants to secure him the initial agreed upon amount PLUS those legal fees from our company which creates some ongoing tension among all parties. While I'm not obligated to shell this out if there are not profits, I am trying to unmuddy the waters and know what exactly is going on."
"Apartment flooding/Construction Cleanup (NC) I’m a graduate student living in a North Carolina housing complex. A few weeks ago a pipe burst under my 1st floor apartment. After I returned a week later the apartment was a mess – construction garbage everywhere, bathroom fixtures taken apart and not put back together, and the entire apartment was covered in a thick layer of construction dust (including my bedroom, where no work was done). I have been constantly contacting my housing office for the last few weeks but they have done nothing besides ask for photos of the damage. And I can’t go in person as the office is closed due to COVID.

What is my recourse here? How should I proceed? Should I keep trying to contact the management off/other people in it? My toilet-paper holder is broken in half and I can’t hang up the bar/curtain in my shower because they removed the thing that holds it in place. I hate being stuck in here with all my things covered in construction dust/debris and it can’t be healthy for me to be locked in here due to COVID/Finals.

Also, this isn’t the first time we’ve had flooding here. The entirety of the apartment had at least an inch of water in it right before interview week. The manager said they would compensate me for my ruined books and electronics, but sent me nothing, and I eventually got too busy with school/work/job hunting."
If I convert to being Amish (NC) would I still have to attend online school? I live in North Carolina and want to know if I could get out of school by becoming Amish.
"An Extension for My Ticket/Court Date Location: Snohomish County, Washington

I got two tickets (speeding and no insurance) a while back and when I went to court the judge gave me an extension and told me she would like me to do the Alive @ 25 program instead of paying the tickets and I have to do that by Dec 27th. However, back in August I lost my job and had been homeless/couch jumping up until December 1st. I finally have the money to do the Alive @ 25 program but they're upcoming classes are full and the next class they have is in January. I emailed the coordinator of the program just in case they've had someone cancel for any of the classes soon. I am not going to rely on the possibility of squeezing into a class in 16 days and so I was wondering if there is a way I could ask for another extension of my court date."
"I Was in a Car Accident, Should I contact a lawyer? I am from Connecticut in the United States.  (Not sure how specific you need me to be).

I was in an accident back on 12/31/15. The accident was not my fault, it was the other ladies fault. This part is not a question. She had admitted fault.

My car was totaled and they already offered me money for the car. I had originally bought the car for $3,000 and they gave me ~$2500. I received way more then I thought I would, thus why I did not question this.

Now here is where I am not sure what I should do. I was in pain for a month. I have gone to doctor appointments and chiropractic appointments at least three times a week during this time. I was also offered a rental car, which I did not take because I could not drive do to my neck.  The pain stretched from my neck all they way across my shoulder blades from my left arm to right arm.  I also missed only one day of pay do to the accident.

Today, her agent called me and offered my a total of $2,555.71 for pain and suffering, missed wages, and my medical bills (copay, amublance, ER). The break down being $1500 for pain and suffering and $1055.71 for everything else. 

I have been talking to a few people and everyone says I should talk to a lawyer; that I should get more from my accident. Since this is my first accident like this, I am not sure if I should. 

Would it be worth it for the advice? Should I push for more money? Am I being greedy? I honestly do not want to sue, but I also do not want to be taken advantage of.

Thank you for any advice.

**TL;DR:** Was in a car accident, was given a settlement amount, should I talk to a lawyer?
"
"Evicting tenant Montant I have been giving free rent to a couple on my property for a year.

I asked them to leave after the 12 months. They wanted to stay but pay rent. So I gave them a very reasonable price. 

We made a lease and they need to vacate by the end of June. [Lease ends 6/30th]  

1. I sent a certified mail with the lease and desire NOT to extend the lease 
- but they said they didn't get the letter, but the post office has proof they received it. 

So that's the first step I took. 

My question is if they are willing to lie about the letter and seem to have no desire to leave when the lease is over. 

What steps do I need to take to get them off the property? This is in Montana. 

Thank you."
"Laws Regarding Parking on a NY Private University and Tickets/Boots I go to a private university in New York State (not city) and I got a parking ticket for ""Improper Parking"", basically I was parked on the end of the lot on hash lines. I knew it was not a spot but I was not blocking traffic, fire-lane or anything else for that matter. It was $30 and I said to myself ""Why do I have to pay this?"" I went down to the ticket office and the lady there told me that I was parked illegally and that I have to pay the ticket. I asked how is that illegal if its private property and what gives you as a private entity the right to issue tickets? She dismissed me and so I made a meeting with the Chief of Public Safety for tomorrow. I did some digging and I can't find anything that gives them the right to actually ticket the students. What I found is they could notify the police that there is a car that is not parked in accordance with there parking regulations and the police could issue a ticket and then the school could have the car towed, but that was about it. Also, the more I thought about it, colleges are the only private entity that issue tickets. Most other places (like a box store) just have the police deal with it. When I was poking around to find the schools parking regulations, they said a car could also be booted for outstanding tickets? How???? On top of that couldn't I post something in my window saying any boots attached to the car by a private entity in accepting that the boot is subject to destruction? Just wondering where I stand when I go talk to the Chief so I don't look like a dumbass haha.

Edit: It seems that people think I'm a dumbass. Ok, but a) I'm asking for legal advice, so I don't know that law regarding this matter, surprise! And b) I probably will just pay the ticket, but I wanted to know why I actually had too because it didn't seem right. Lot of hostility towards me right now, not sure why.  "
"34 Yrs Old - Absconded from Halfway House while serving on a felony conviction in Colorado - HELP! Time to become legitimate. Off grid too long. (Friends Account for obvious reasons)

Need to know if it's possible to get a Social Security Card, Birth Certificate and Drivers License in another state. Will I be denied or arrested/extradited in this process? I understand Statute of Limitations will not apply in regard to ""escape"" due to the conviction. 

What's the best way to handle this? Can I be a legit part of society and just avoid Colorado or will I be flagged and stuffed back in the system?

Felony was non-violent. Please help. 

EDIT: Are the DMV, SS Office etc. going to be flagged when I try to get documentation?
EDIT: It's been just over five years since the ""escape"".

**Thank you all for the tough love. "
[Toronto, Canada] Uber Eats Driver Injury While picking up an order for UberEats I slipped on the curb and broke my foot. I had to get a cast that was $200 and I'll be out of work for the next few weeks. Since I was working while I injured myself, will Uber cover the cost of the cast by any chance?
"Can an apartment complex in NC charge all roommates equally for the water bill when one roommate is using tons more than all others? Hello, I’m posting this on behalf of my girlfriend. She lives in a student apartment not connected to the university we attended in North Carolina. Her lease states that the apartment complex will cover utilities up to a certain point, then the residents will be changed for anything over that cap. My girlfriend’s roommate (1 of 3 she lives with), regularly takes showers that are an hour long or more. (Every roommate has their own bathroom) Because of this, my girlfriend and her other two roommates have to pay an extra amount every month on top of their normal rent for the water bill. Her and her roommates all get the same water bill split between them even though it is clearly just the one roommate who is driving the bill above the cap.

In addition, the apartment complex just sent out an email to all residents saying that their water bill was especially high this past month and they will be entering all apartments over the next week to check for water leaks. But if they can charge extra for the water bill per apartment, why wouldn’t they know which apartment is driving up that water bill? 

It all just sounds very fishy to me but as an economics major I have no idea if this is legal or not for them to charge extra to all roommates when it is only one roommate who is using the extra water. Any help as to where I could find more information would be incredibly helpful. A couple google searches revealed nothing specific for me. Thanks."
"Overheard boyfriend’s estranged dad saying he is going to hire a hit on me, what do I do next? It’s a long story of how we got to this point, but it’s been about a year since my boyfriend last talked to his parents. We traveled today to visit his grandparents, who we are on good terms with, in Tennessee. This is also where his parents live, but in a different city. When his parents found out, his dad called his 83 year old mother-in-law and screamed through the phone that he would be hiring a hit on me so that his son would finally come home. It brought his grandmother to tears. He went on about how he will take whatever punishment that would entail, IF he got caught. The seriousness in his voice was extremely unsettling. 

My boyfriend and I are driving back to our home in Michigan now. What legal steps can I take to make sure that these people do not come after me? 

Edit: accidentally omitted that I DID call the police and they are beginning an investigation. Wasn’t sure if there is more I can do. "
"Rat and mice problem - wall of text Hello reddit I'm hoping you can shed a little light on what I can do with my issue, I am at my wits end. Here's a little backstory:

I live in RI, more specifically in housing projects. Each building has 4 apartments inside. Which means that in the entire building there are 4 families in each home. It's been a little over a year and we've had rats and mice. I've lived there for over 16 years and I've never seen a single rat there, up until a year ago.

I call my property manager (or landlord as I call him) and he doesn't give me the time of day, I don't think he believes me. Other tenants in my building start to complain as well and his answer is pretty much ""you aren't the only one with rats so get over it.""

We plead for him to send an exterminator and one finally does. I was so excited to see him thinking this whole issue will be laid to rest, until he whips out a glue trap and throws it behind the stove and then takes rat poison and places it behind the stove as well. The exterminator tells me that the rats should eat this and die within a week. Okay. Nothing happened that week or any other week for that matter. 

The tenants and I take it upon ourselves to set up various traps in our homes (glue traps, snap traps, poison traps, electrical traps etc) and we've caught a few mice. Over time these traps have stopped attracting the mice and now they walk around in daylight freely, I'm sure they are now accustomed to people. 

Before I get told ""maybe you should clean up your house, kitchen, don't leave food out etc"" it's been done. I clean every day and the trash gets thrown out on a daily basis. I even sealed up all the cracks and put insulation on my pipes. I do not make it any easier for rats and mice to come into my home.

Now what I need some advice on reddit, is this: 

TECHNICALLY, the landlord ""helped"" us with the rat issue, but obviously it was not enough, can I sue him?

And when I say sue, here are my reasons: 

      * it's been over a year and the rat/mice issue continues to persist
      * I've spent hundreds of dollars in traps 
      * if anyone in the house gets bitten we could be in serious trouble
      * its a health concern
      * it's really an unbearable situation to live in, constant fear and mental stress."
"[FL] charged with criminal offense for not changing registration and title to Florida after moving here. I moved to FL couple months ago and didn’t change my registration/title/plates because of how busy I’ve been at work. Yesterday, I was pulled over for an unrelated issue and received a violation for non resident  tag exemption not allowed - 320.38. 

I didn’t realize that this counts as a criminal violation.  The officer told me to setup a court date and that I will most likely have a positive outcome at the court.

I am a health care professional and I really can’t afford to have this on my permanent record. I already got the title etc. changed over to Floridia today. So, I am really hoping that court will dismiss the case. 

Should I hire an attorney for this? I called someone for a quote and they wanted to charge me $2000 for this case. After some negotiation they came down to $900. It still seems steep to me. 

I am just worried because I recently bought a home and don’t want to end up loosing my job because of stupid shit like this. "
"[Ontario] Betting and Virtual Currency Ok, I will try to make this as short as I can.  Me and some friends are making a competitor to a popular esports betting website that uses in game items as currency for bets (namely CSGO and DOTA2). I have been doing hours of research and can find nothing about how this should be handled.

I am not even sure if these items count as virtual currency because it is technically not decentralized.  I also want to know if I need to get approved by any gambling commissions etc.

Any advice would be helpful about how to proceed here, and if anyone could give me the name of an actual lawyer I could talk to about this, I would be very thankful."
"[WA] Just purchased a used car from a friend. 1 day later (No insurance) I’m struck by a drunk driver on the highway. Car is totaled. What should I do next? I don’t have any information from troopers, they said they’d email me the info however I haven’t received anything as of yet. 

Family is telling me to go visit the hospital on his dime; however I’m still wondering what I can do as far as legal recourse to recoup the financial losses at hand? 



Used Car:  $2,500"
Legality of a soundboard app containing soundbites from a famous coach I want to create a soundboard iOS app containing small samples (never more than a sentence each) of a famous US head basketball coach. The app would likely cost $0.99 to download. Is this legal? I’ve seen iOS apps with soundbites of Trump, for example, but was thinking maybe that is different because he’s a politician, making it public domain? Thanks for any help.
"[New York] Do you guys do court cases in fictional works? So this is a work of fiction, in one of the Roleplaying Subreddits, however I think I might ""Go to trial"" so I would like some help for my ""Case"" I don't even know if this is correct, but I will post anyway. 

-------

So in this Rp.. This character, which we will call Ash, a girl about 17 has brain cancer.. ~~Don't ask me how she got it~~ My character, wanting to be nice, offered her money and she refused they had a battle of wills for a little while until my character drugged Ash, accidentally dropped her on a rock because apparently people fall quickly.. 

Then she dragged her to a car and started driving her to the nearest hospital.. 

When Ash woke up she was offered water/food/bandages to help feel better, and Ash attempted to flee, getting hurt in the process.. 

But Ash did manage to escape and all is well and there might be a fake ""Court Case"" for what happened

-------

So if you look at this, I thank you.. I just want to see if this was a real court case, taking place in the laws of New York... I know this might be stupid, never the less I want to see what will happen. I will answer any questions that you guys have. 
"
"COVID-19 I live in South Dakota and my ex-husband and our two children live in Iowa. It is court ordered that my visitations are every other weekend and every other holiday, 2 weeks in June, 2 weeks in July and 1 week in August.

My ex-husband has prevented me from having my visitation with our children, since March 18, 2020 and is continuing to do so now, all due to the COVID-19 and CDC recommendations of social distancing and no travel advisory, as well as him having ""the final say."" He has not talked to a judge to get a modification to seize my visitations. I have all of our conversations between us in emails. Neither Iowa nor South Dakota has ever had a ""stay at home"" or a ""shelter in place"" order. 

I don't have enough money to hire an attorney, so I will be taking him to court on my own. I'm trying to figure out which forms that I would need to fill out to start the contempt process, as I couldn't find anything on Iowa's Court website that fits what I am looking for."
"[VA] wrongful termination and possible retaliation from job Hello all, this week, around a week ago I was terminated from my job at a country club due to a clause in our application that states we may not work under / be supervised by a direct relative.   
In my case, my mother is my direct supervisor, (I'm 18 if that matters). I have been at this job for around a year and two months, ( have been full time for around the past 6 months) and this wasn't an issue when I was hired.   
The manager firing me is my mothers supervisor and has obviously disliked me and my mother since the day he started due to an ongoing power struggle between the two.   
Oddly enough, I was fired shortly after an incident with an event that went wrong that said manager tried to blame my mother for, and in turn she basically threw him under the bus because it was not her fault. I feel as though him firing me may be in retaliation because of her actions, because until this point, I have never called out, became full time even while still in high school, and was never written up for anything in general.  
Our General Manager has been out for about two weeks due to a medical emergency and nobody has been able to reach him, so talking to him about what happened has been a bust.

Furthermore, in the maintenance department, which is made up of only two people, and surprisingly enough, are father and son. When my mother brought this up to the supervisor who fired me, he claimed he can't do anything about it because it's not his department.  
If it matters as well, I have already begun applying for unemployment.

Thanks to everyone; cheers and happy new year!"
"Discharged a firearm in my apartment. State of Virginia Last night I negligently discharged my pistol when I was cleaning it. 
No one was hurt.
I live in a three story apartment complex and I'm on the top floor. The bullet went through the roof.

I called the police without thinking and now I've been slapped with both a class 2 and class 1 misdemeanor for discharging a gun within city limits and recklessly handling a gun. I've never been to court and have a clean criminal history. 

What is my best course of action? Do I have to worry about jail time? "
"Issue with false penske truck damage. First of all, I'm in California.

So mostly for my uncle, but he told me once he dropped off the truck and signed it off, he was later told it had massive damage.

They want him to pay $1,000+, but he's pretty sure it wasn't him. The damage looks to be from a big hit, which he was never involved in. He signed it off and left them them the truck. Wasn't until later they claimed damage on truck and blamed him.

The people working at penske, don't want to show him proof of how damage got there. He even asked if he could get camera footage to see car when it was dropped off, but was told they don't have cameras.

He works for a food stocking company and car is rented via his company. He's talked to his boss and they told him  they'll see what they can do.

He's an honest guy and says on the off chance somehow was his fault, he wants proof first. Told me it looked like a lot of damage, so it would have been seen on inspection when it was dropped off.

Just need some advice on what he should do or try."
Is it possible to remove all company export data from websites who publish it, just like how you can remove personal info from online directory websites by opting out? My company’s website data has been published on Panjiva and ImportGenius. I’ve already submitted confidentially from customs to prevent more info being published, but is it possible to have them remove that info online? There’s no “opt out” feature so I’d guess I’d have to email the company directly, but even then would they honor the request?
"Age of Majority NY vs. NC Hello,

I have a question regarding child support. My original divorce agreement was made in NY and states that I must pay child support until my child is 21. I have dutifully paid this support each and every month and on time for 14 years. 

Soon after the agreement was made both me and my ex moved to NC, where the Age of Majority is 18. By the time my child is 18 we will have lived in NC for fourteen years. I fully intend on funding my child's college education (at least 70% of it) and expect to support her with living expenses until she is at least 21. 

I do not want to continue paying my ex (a terrible parent who my child wants nothing to do with) child support after the age of 18. Currently my child is with me (where she is happy and settled) approximately 60% of the time. 

I spoke with a lawyer in NC about a year ago and they told me that if I took my ex to court for full custody and my child testified that she is unhappy with my ex and the living arrangements there I would almost certainly ""win"". However, I don't really want to put my daughter through this process.

Given that we have not lived in NY for this period of time does the NC or NY Age of Majority apply? 

Thank you"
"Presentation Am I required by law to submit a PowerPoint presentation for a virtual class ceremony? 
The ceremony was recorded on a district platform where I presented my work but I wasn’t hired to do the work I presented."
"Redundant - but called back to finish handover Made redundant on 1st May 2020.
Was working until that day to finish whatever handover could be completed. Now supposed to be on garden leave.

Office now calls to ask for 3 weeks of handover help (i.e. til end of may). 

Lawyer says ""it's my choice what to do"".

I've heard I can be liable for any mistakes that occur now and can be sued. However, lawyer says Office has every right to ask for more help from me, even after redundancy. If I do not comply, there may be disciplinary actions. 

Lawyer doesn't seem of much help now."
"Free health insurance a scam? I live in Florida

I signed up to the Healthcare market place so that I could get Health Insurance.

After finishing my application, I found that the plans offered were too expensive for me to pay.

My mother then handed me a phone number that she got from a TV advertisment that promised free health insurance.

I called and everything seemed fine. They pulled up the market place without my prompting, and said that I was eligible.

This seemed fishy to me. That I could have free insurance with no catch. To assure me, they directed me to myfloridacfo.com, and gave me their employee number so I can verify.

That website is, as a far as I know, an official goverment website, and the person I talked to was registerd with it.

But the whole thing still feels strange.

Was I scammed? What can I do to protect myself if that was the case?"
"Advice re: child support notice of hearing (PA) Custodial dad finally asked for child support from noncustodial mother. He is in PA, she is in a southeastern state. He filed in September and finally got a letter yesterday from the local county courthouse stating there is a hearing set for about 2 weeks from now. It stated he does not need to come if he doesn't want, and it also stated that the defendant can go to her local child support office to try to settle, sooner.

When he filed, he was told that his state would contact her state, and the whole thing is pretty automatic, so we're a bit confused now. 

-First, where is the hearing? There is no time or location listed. The letterhead is of the courthouse, not of the local child support office (which is an annex, different location and different address). Is it in his local courthouse, or will it be in the southeastern state where the defendant is? 

-Second, why a hearing? It doesn't state that anything was disputed, and he already submitted information regarding her ability to work (she is married, has not worked in 3 years, but he made screenshots of her LinkedIn profile which show work history and degrees and submitted that at the child support office in his request to impute her income.)

- Does he need to show up even though it states he doesn't have to? My suggestion was he should be there, regardless what state it is in, to dispute anything she might try to say, and be ready to show his evidence since those things don't always make it to the hands of the appropriate people."
"Looking for advice for terminating my work contract I am in employment and have the opportunity to move on to something more stable. My current contract is a 7 months contract (I have been here 2.5 years), after reading my current contract to understand the rules relating to the notice period I notice that I need to give a written notice of 180 days to terminate, a crazy amount of time to provide as notice which I was not aware of until now, however, the contract is dated from 01/01/2020 — As it is a 7 month contract technically it ceases on 01/08/2020.

What are my rights here? I would like to start my new job in October — Will I receive a penalty in fees if I terminate without providing the 180 days notice? Considering my current contract ends in 90 days to provide 180 days notice is technically unfeasible without signing a new contract. 

How much notice do you think is reasonable for me to provide?
Thanks!"
"If an SCorp owns an LLC can the owners pay themselves W2 from the LLC? If two owners own an SCorp and subsequently own 2/3 of an LLC in which they are managers, can those two SCorp owners/LLC managers pay themselves W2 income from the LLC?

Typically a member in an LLC can not receive W2 income. Is that still true if the member is an SCorp, but the owners of the SCorp are the employees of the LLC?"
"My mom's[62] apartment complex has not turned on cold AC for weeks Phoenix, AZ

My mom is on section 8 and lives in an apartment complex that regulated the hot/cold ac outlet for all units. Last week, the temperature was in the 100's and the one before that the high 90's. This week, low 90's. The complex has not turned on the AC for specifically her building where other tenants also reside. They have not offered her an answer as to why it has not been turned on. They gave her a cooler that doesn't do much and she is having trouble sleeping due to the heat,

This is not right. Especially in PHX. Is there any way for me to report them to PHA or anywhere else? I looked in to PHA and they would require a written statement, which could take weeks. Meanwhile, my mother has many health issues so she is susceptible to heat. 

Thank you"
Is it illegal for me to sell services based on knowledge that I have acquired working for a company that is in the same buissness? I used to work for one of, probably the biggest credit repair law firm in the country. I have gained quite a bit of knowledge on how to repair and better credit. I would like to start offering my services but I'm not sure if it is legal for me to state that I used to work there or that I can do it at a much affordable rate. I wouldn't go as far as stating that they're a rip off (they are) but to what degree can I go about saying that I'm the better option?
"Can I withold rent or break the lease if my landlord repeatedly charges me for common/shared utilities on my bill? (Chicago) This happens every month, I have to go and tell them to remove these automatic charges on my account. They remove them and assure me it won't happen again, and it is still happening. Right now they owe me probably $75 that they stole from my bank account.

I don't know the laws, but in what other sort of transaction could you get away with charging extra for something the customer didn't use, and then only returning the money if the person notices, with zero penalty to you for taking it in the first place? If I caught a thief taking money from my pocket, him giving me the money back wouldn't change the fact that he just tried to steal from me, and will in all likelihood continue to steal from others.

Because that is basically what they are doing to me, only instead of just taking my money, they are also doing so under the threat that if I don't pay all the charges on my account including these bogus utilities, they will start eviction proceedings. And this is actually a big management company, Havenbrook Homes, so I can't be the only one this is happening to, especially based on the reviews of them online. They suck.

Oh and also, they have repeatedly charged me illegally high late rent fees in the past, which I informed them of several times and they did reverse them after a long time hassling them about it, but I can only assume that if I were to withhold rent they would charge the same amount they've been charging.

Please advise me here, thanks."
"Accused of Rape Im trying to keep details vague so i can’t be identified.

Im getting ready to graduate from a university. I work at some of the bars around campus and the other day a girl that I know and her friend were thrown out of the bar. They seem to think it was me that threw them out and another girl from the same friend group came up to me in the bar and said basically what the fuck and I told her I had nothing to do with it. I then get a strew of text messages from the girl that was kicked out basically saying to stay out hers, fuck you, and that “You raped one of my friends and You know it”

I told her the next day via text that I’m sorry she got kicked out of the bar and told her she can talk to the managers and what not and then i said that I don’t know why she or anyone would accuse me of rape and that I’ve never done that.

 The Only girl that she’s friends with that I’ve slept with happened over 3 years ago. We went to a party and she got sick so I took care of her, there were other witnesses that said things like oh I wish all guys were like this, I held her hair and wiped her mouth and stuff and then fed her gold fish and water till we slept on the couch together and then in the morning we had sex after she felt better and we walked back to campus together. We hung out and talked and another girl told me she wanted to date me that night too. We’re still friends on Facebook and all this happened the other night. This is the only girl that she’s friends with that I’ve been with and we were both sober during the sex time and other girls and guys saw me taking care of her for hours. 

I’ve never thought I’d be accused of something like this and that’s the only time I’ve ever been with one of her friends. I’m about to graduate and I’m terrified that I’m going to be accused of something that I didn’t do and have my image ruined and kicked out of the university. I can’t believe anyone would say that against me and I feel sick to my stomach, I literally don’t know what to do.

My girlfriend says the girl was just drunk when she sent that but she hasn’t replied and it’s been almost 24 hours. I’ve never been this afraid of something before in my life, I’ve heard the horror stories of people just being accused of rape and how even though they’re not convicted it can ruin there life and I just don’t know what to do. And I don’t want her saying I raped someone, I’m literally beside myself on what I should do."
"Community Mailboxes Out of Order So I just went out to check the mail and I see our wall-mounted bank of mailboxes sealed off by plastic with a sign saying there may have been asbestos in the air due to remodeling so all our mail is being held at the post office several miles away. I received no prior notice nor timeline for this fix. They’ve been remodeling the clubhouse which this bank is mounted to but I’ve seen workers coming and going with no breathing protection or hazmat PPE whatsoever. Renovations have been going for at least a month and Mail has been delivered with no issues.

What are my rights here? The post office is miles away, only open when I’m working, chronically busy, and we’re fast approaching the worst time of year to get caught in a post office. I don’t even get mail that often but standing in line for half an hour at the post office just to get told I didn’t receive any mail doesn’t sound super fun. Thoughts?"
"Can you be taken to court for phone numbers? Location: USA


Background information:

I'm the account holder of 6 Tmobile lines &amp; Tmobile official legal documents states that I am the owners of the lines.

2 people want to leave the plan &amp; take their numbers. They threatened me to take me to court. Haha I'm happy to so &amp; will be doing it tomorrow.

Assumption: I'm pretty sure that they don't have a case. If they did, it would be a weak case. 

Fact: my sister is judge &amp; 5 cousins are lawyers. Yes, I could ask them. As I mentioned, I'm pretty sure that the 2 people have no case."
Lease Renewal Issues, Please Help! So our apartment complex never gave us a notice around our 60 day time period. They said they left something on our door but we never saw it.  Luckily I was loosely keeping track of it and asked about our options a few days before we needed to give our notice. We gave notice via email on the exact 60 day date that we would like to renew our lease after exploring our options. They sent us an electronic lease and it was inaccurate. We have 2 dogs and have had them since we move in. I've called and emailed multiple times to get this fixed and they still have not sent us an accurate lease it's been 11 days. They also we're going to try and charge us for the dogs even though we paid $600 for them when we moved in. I'm getting seriously concerned about continuing to rent there. Is there anyway we can back out of our renewal at this point?? I'd prefer to move after all this bullshit but we technically have given notice and the 60 day threshold has passed. Do we have options?!
Would I encounter legal trouble if I created a website with the domain name of a website in the tv show Rick and Morty? I recently watched the sixth episode of Rick ad Morty and at the end of the episode there was a joke advertisement for a train with the website [www.story-train.com](https://www.story-train.com) but that website does not exist. Would I get in trouble for taking the domain name?
"Boss now rejects that I was hired I have worked at a gym/pool for 2 years now as a lifeguard. Recently, over the past couple months I’ve been trying to move away from lifeguarding and do something else because we have been really short staffed and I’ve been working way more hours than I’d like while I’m in high school. So a couple months ago, I became an official swim instructor and got hired as a swim instructor at the same place about 3 months ago. Since then, they have not scheduled me to do swim lessons once, I have only done lifeguarding. 
Last month I told my boss I wanted to go on call for lifeguarding and just do swim lessons so if they ever needed me once in a while for lifeguarding I could still do that. Last month, three other employees and myself all said we wanted to go on call. She let all three of them go on call except me. 
Can she do that? Should I go talk to HR? 
In addition she now rejects the fact that I was hired as a swim instructor. In an email she said that lifeguarding is the priority and that I am not an official swim instructor. But I have a contract that says I’m a swim instructor! Should I show her and/or HR the contract that says I am a swim instructor? I think I might just officially quit lifeguarding and then they’d have to schedule me as a swim instructor I think? Idk what to do about this whole situation. Should I just go talk to HR? 
Thanks for any advice you guys can give me
(Not sure if it matters but this is in Idaho.) 
"
"[CA] it's a mess, QTIP, trust fund, inheritance not received....help my brain Hi, ok, this is complicated but I'll do my best to be succinct. If you need more details please ask or PM, I will do my best.

Years ago my grandma passed. She left a large inheritance in the form of a trust for my mom along with three large cash gifts to me and my two siblings. Before she passed, her husband had created a QTIP for her in case he went first to upkeep homes and memberships. She went first, he's still around. After she passed, family got shady, aunt became trustee of mom's trust, and siblings and I never saw the money left to us. I've read the will and the QTIP, just confused because QTIPS are normally for blended families.

So, questions:
Does the will override anything set up in the QTIP fund (like who a trustee is for QTIP and or trust)? (To clarify, aunt was named trustee in QTIP, but in grandma's will mom was named trustee)

Why has the trustee not dispersed the inheritance to my siblings or me?

How to I deal with this? 

I would assume a litigation lawyer but I have zero money to pay one, will they take these things on contingency basis since there are such large sums of money involved?

How the heck do I find and pick a GOOD lawyer?

EDIT to space out questions more, sorry 'bout that."
"My boss is taking advantage of me, not paying me what I’m worth, not keeping his promises, and basically jerking me around - is there anything I can do? I work for a small company that currently employs 4 people, including me (not counting the boss / owner of the company). The boss / owner is cheap and will find any excuse not to pay us fairly (or at least he does it to me; I know others make more but they’ve been there longer and I also don’t know what they make other than that it’s more than what I make). I worked for him many years ago for about 2 years but left because we had some disagreements (and back then he paid me well and I was happy). That was about 5 years ago and I moved away and did other things during that time. 


When I moved back into town this August, he contacted me and offered me a job. He was desperate for someone with my experience and expertise. I agreed to meet with him. He offered me much less than what I was willing to accept with the promise that I’d get a raise and be put on salary after 3 months so long as I did well (and that every 3 months, I’d get evaluated again for a raise until I was at the right salary, which is equal to what the other employees there are making). Well 3 months passed (last month) and I asked him about it. He said he wasn’t happy with my work but couldn’t tell me why. He said he isn’t sure if I’m working hard enough even though I give my all to that job and I’m pretty sure he knows that (after all, he told me when he hired me that he’s had a hard time finding an employee who works as hard and has the knowledge of the work that I have, and on top of all that, he also needed a content creator and he likes my writing style and I had written all the content on his site when I worked for him before, he even fired his current content creator because he was terrible and so he actually hired me to do the job of two people but for a much lower wage than what he pays his current workers and his previous content creator so he saved a ton of money by hiring me to do both jobs). So anyway, I asked him to tell me what I do wrong so I can work on improving but he couldn’t even come up with one thing except that I’m sometimes too quiet. I have my own private office and we don’t work with clients in person (our clients are all over the world so we mainly communicate through emails). When he called me in August, I had just moved to town a few days prior and wasn’t even ready to start working yet cuz I was going through so much after escaping from a 12 year abusive relationship, moving to a new town with my kid, and also was in a car crash a few days after moving to town, and that’s not even everything I’m dealing with and he knows all about it. He knows all this stuff because he’s been a friend of the family for several years and was close with my brother until like a month ago, when they got into a big fight and now he says he isn’t friends with him anymore. He knows I’m a single mom and I work hard and have bills to pay. None of this is his problem, I know, but he could at least try to be more accommodating, considering he reached out to me cuz he needed a hard worker who knew the work and was good at it. Another coworker who is a single mom is allowed to work from home every day but I asked for just one day a week to work from home and was shut down immediately. Even though the work I do could easily be done from home. He insists he needs me in the office.  He actually doesn’t but whatever, that’s fine. What’s not fine is him breaking a promise he made to me which is the only reason I agreed to take the job at all. He refused to give me the raise he promised and since I have nothing in writing, I guess I’m shit out of luck. 

Today he messaged me out of the blue to let me know he won’t be paying for the holidays. In the past when I worked for him he always paid. Even this time he’s paid me for thanksgiving and some other days when the office was closed. I mentioned that he always used to pay for Christmas break and he said that was many years ago and things have changed since then (back then I was his only worker and now he’s got more workers). I also know for a fact he is paying his other workers (I’ve spoken to one of them and he said he paid him last year and is expecting he’ll pay again this year) and in fact the last girl who quit before me did so because she was the only one who didn’t get paid for Christmas. I asked if I can work from home during those days so I don’t lose the pay and he said no. He said he won’t pay for my vacation so I then offered to come work in the office and cancel my holiday trip. Again, he said no because all the offices are closed and he says there won’t be anything for me to do. I can find work to do. There’s always stuff to do in this line of work. Just this week he had me write a paper for him, not related to the job at all but because he didn’t want to pay me my normal wage that I charge to write papers, he had me do it during office hours. Fine whatever. I used to do freelance writing before I took this job and I charge by the word usually or I am open to negotiation but he wasn’t open to it at all. I did it for him anyway just to show him how I’m willing to go above and beyond for his business. I told him I love the job but that I feel like he’s trying to push me out and if he wants to get rid of me then he should just tell me that instead of jerking me around. He insists that’s not the case. I think if he fires me for no reason then I can get unemployment and he doesn’t want that. So maybe he’s just trying to push me until I quit. I don’t know what to do. Is there even anything I can do? Am I stuck working for someone who doesn’t appreciate me and who won’t pay me what I’m worth or keep the promises he made me? Is there any way I can leave this job and get what I deserve? I’m planning to look for another job but it’s not an easy task. I want him to pay me what I’m worth and to keep his promises. But I don’t think he will do that. So Reddit, is there anything I can do or am I stuck? I’d love any kind of advice on this situation because I feel horrible. I’ve never had an employer unhappy with my work. I’ve always given my all and I know I’m good at what I do and the results pretty much speak for themselves. I also think that if he is unhappy with my work that he should be able to tell me what I need to work on instead of just shrugging his shoulders and making shit up so as not to pay me what I’m worth. I know I should have gotten something in writing and that not doing so just royally fucked me. I trusted him and that was stupid. I don’t know what to do. I’m so upset. 

I’m also an addict in recovery and he knows that (again he’s been a friend of my family for years so he knows a lot about me). He knows how hard I work and that I put my all into work because it helps me to stay sober. So he’s only doing this because he’s cheap and doesn’t want to pay me fairly. He says he doesn’t want to lose me but I don’t want to work for someone who doesn’t appreciate me or pay me what I’m worth. Any and all advice would be very welcome and greatly appreciated. Even if it’s just to tell me I’m screwed and there’s nothing I can do. I just need to hear that if that’s the case. So thank you for reading my rant and thanks in advance to all who reply. 

Side note: if this doesn’t belong in this sub then I’m sorry and if someone can point me to the right sub, I’ll move my post there.  Thanks again for reading all that. And happy holidays to everyone."
"(AR) Hit &amp; Run driver found :UPDATE I have basic insurance through Farmers.

My parked car was hit on Thanksgiving, my sister-in-law witnessed the incident.   My wife calls PD, files report and gives officer shell of passenger mirror that came from the perps vehicle.

Sunday night we are out and see vehicle matching description of our perp with matching damages to passenger side and missing mirror shell.   

Followed perp to residence, got plate number and pictures. 

Update:  After waiting a week I was able to reach an on duty officer on Thursday night. I told him where to find the vehicle in question, the mirror shell matched the vehicle perfectly. 

They found the owner and found out she doesn't have insurance. The owner claimed she wasn't the one driving but wouldn't give the name of the individual who was. Officer told us the report would be ready monday.  It wasn't.  Hopefully tomorrow.
 
What happens next?
How do we get he money to cover the costs of repair (estimated $3900)
What tickets/charges will the owner of the car receive?
Can we try to get the money outside of a court or insurance company if we tried a contract/payment plan?

Any advice on the subject would be appreciated."
"[WI] Potentially facing eviction. I am currently attending college and received threats of eviction from my landlord today. The reason I am facing eviction is because I signed a lease with 3 other people who since moving in have caused property damage, thrown parties that have gotten out of hand, and had the police called on us numerous times. 

I have taken no part in these activities (I'm out of town quite a bit), and my roommates are well aware of this. All of us face eviction, and if we are evicted I have nowhere to go. I am out of money, my parents are out of the picture, and I will be SOL. I am an absolute idiot for signing a lease with these barbarians, so before you crucify me for doing it know that I am aware of my monumental mistake.

I currently pay $400/ month. If evicted, my landlord will continue to cash my checks until the end of my lease (May). If evicted I will have to find another place to stay, which will obviously cost me more money that I do not have. Any advice is welcome."
"Miranda Rights for minor in school? Let’s say a minor gets into a physical altercation at school. That minor is taken to a room, in the presence of a police officer, and told to right a statement. The minor requests a parent or lawyer present before their write anything, but are told that they do not have that right. The student writes a statement claiming that nothing happened. The student is then forced to write another statement, in which they claim self defense. Then, the student is forced to write a third statement. The student at this point has been interrogated by police officers, in the presence of a police officer, not allowed to leave, and denied the right to speak to a parent or attorney. 

Is this a violation of Miranda Rights? This is in Indiana. "
"[Hamilton, Ontario] Renting with no lease. Landlord threatening to kick me out while withholding my money. I don’t have a reddit account so I’m using someone else’s account to post this.

My friend and I rented out separate rooms in the basement of a house without a lease. The only agreement we made was verbally and that was only about how much the rent is going to be and to pay it every month. I paid the landlord the first and last month rent when moving in.
My friend decided to move out by January and told the Landlord about it. I don’t know the Landlord’s response to that since it was between my friend and him. But, according to my friend he just left without getting back his last month rent. 

Today, the landlord informed me that the internet has been cut because he was not able to receive January’s rent from my friend even though my friend had told him he was going to be moving out.

The problem is that I’m getting the blame for this, I go to university and I need the internet to do my work. We got into pretty heated arguments (cussing) in person about the mess and the rent situation. The mess isn’t that bad that an hour of cleaning wont fix. The place is already run down before I moved in; it had broken ceilings and random damages everywhere else. There is another room in the basement that no one rented out and I think that’s because of how bad the original condition of the basement was; we were desperate. 

Anyways, after the argument, we concluded that if I have the basement professionally cleaned, then we can come to a “fair” solution. At this point, I want to move out and get my January’s rent and my last month rent back.  I am planning on calling the professional cleaners on Saturday, however I am worried that once the place has been cleaned, the landlord will not give me the money as he has constantly expressed that he has financial problems. 

I was wondering what is the best possible approach to this situation? How can I guarantee that he will give me the money back once I get the house cleaned? Should I make my own written agreement and make him sign it? He seems like he is desperate for the money, so I have a feeling he doesn’t want to kick me out because I’m pretty sure he won’t get someone else to rent the place out. I'm a student, so this is a big problem for me academically and financially. Thanks for you time and i appreciate any responses.

Here is the text exchange we had:

https://imgur.com/a/Kv81H"
"GF's former roommate trashed the place So this morning my girlfriend got a call from her former landlord that she will not be getting her security deposit returned to her and she will also be invoiced for damages done to her former apartment.  Apparently, the landlord doesn't have the contact information of the gentleman that she was rooming with, so they are pitting all the charges on her.

She was subletting her apartment from a graduated student near a college in Pittsburgh, PA.  She was sharing the space with a young man who was also subletting the apartment from a graduated student.  I was over the apartment several times over the course of 4 months that she lived there and seldom saw this roommate, but would hear him being loud and obnoxious at times.  At one point, he put a hole in his door as well as broke his screen to his window.  We only knew of these damages (which are also relatively inexpensive) because we could see them.  

This morning she got the phone call from her former landlord as well as received several pictures of an entire wall inside of his room that was smashed.  He left a lot of his stuff in the apartment and was late to move out as well.  There was his food left in the refrigerator as well as dirty dishes and garbage in the kitchen. 

When we left, we wrote several notes telling him that we cleaned her portion of the apartment as well as some stuff that was left from the former inhabitants.  She took pictures of all of these notes that she laid through the apartment.  

What action should we take to make sure that she doesn't need to pay the invoice for damage done to the apartment.  Getting the security deposit back isn't of the most importance at this point, but she fears that she will be on the hook for several thousand dollars of damage done.  We have the roommates full name, as well as knowing his last two places of employment.  We don't know if he still works at either place right now, but thats about all that we know.  She also has his phone number (if it is still the same).  I don't want to do anything now that could limit our future options.

"
Parked car hit by rental car, their insurance company won't admit fault (Oregon state, USA) My car, which was parked at my house, was hit by someone who was driving a rental car and drove off. My neighbors chased after the driver and got video of the driver in the car, admitting fault. I contacted the rental car company and got the driver's information as well as their insurance (they only have insurance via the rental company.) I have filed a claim with their insurance but every time I call they tell me that I have no proof the driver hit the car (despite me sending the video and having witnesses.) The witnesses did call the police when the accident occurred but they did not come as no one was hurt. I was told by my insurance company (who won't cover the costs) that the opposing insurance company has to wait 45 days for the driver to respond to their calls before taking action on their own. The driver hasn't answered any of their calls (he was drunk tbh and I think he's just going to continue to claim he didn't do it.) I want to know what to do after the 45 days are up; should I take the insurance company (or the driver?) to small claims court? Am I owed anything in the interim such as a rental (I haven't been able to drive my car since the accident and that has complicated my life considerably.) Should I reach out directly to the driver and ask them to cooperate with the insurance company? Thanks for your help!
"can't pay ticket online - no citation number I live in Topeka, KS (Shawnee County), got a ticket in late November for a non moving violation - expired registration. Totally my fault, not gonna appeal, just want to pay the fines. There's a pay online option and I went to go do that and it asks for either a citation number or a case number. There is NOT a citation number on the ticket but there is a case number. Put the case number in perfectly as it requires and it says it is invalid; the amount of characters on my ticket is less than the amount required as well. 

Since there is no citation number and the case number is invalid - do I have to pay the fines since it's the county's error? I was reading that they may not have processed the ticket yet and that's why it's not appearing online."
"Family law in vt I got a lawyer and filed a motion.  My lawyer gave me their email.  I have emailed them with questions and they just don't get back to me.  I've asked if I need to set up appointments and nothing.  Is this normal?  What should I do?  

I'm nervous about trying to get a different lawyer since it took me almost 6 months to get one to call me back for an appointment originally.  But at the same time I have questions that I need answers to.  Is there anywhere else I might get legal advice?"
Is it normal to put a restraining order on the mother when getting guardianship of a child? They said it’s “part of the process” so she can’t take the child away to another state. It seems unnecessary and will only cause more problems.
"Just found out that I had a Civil Judgement against me (AZ) So I Just found out that I had a Civil Judgement against me AZ

I (35 M) used to live with a roommate who went all depressed and decided that he’s not gonna work, I continued to help him with his share of the rent until I decided to move out and asked him to remove my name from the lease, he didn’t because he didn’t have a proof of income (later I found out multiple posts on certain website for funding ) 6months later I got an email from the leasing office saying that there’s a balance and I need to pay it to ensure the judgement is satisfied, me ( an immigrant) who’s building my credit, called them and set up a payment arrangement to pay the balance, thinking that I’m in good terms I applied for another apartment to move from my current one, I discovered that there was a civil judgement against me that I never knew about but agreed to pay. My questions are 
Am I going to get denied from every where ? 
Is this ends my hopes to buy a house 
If I pay this judgement can I request to remove it ? 
Will this jeopardize my application for naturalization?

I appreciate your help and advise in advance."
"Rent increase in CA My current lease for my apartment is set to expire on 2/29/2020. On my current lease I am paying $1674.00 a month. On 12/13/2019 I was offered the following options for renewal:

&amp;#x200B;

6 MO - $1837.00

7 MO - $1848.00

8 MO - $1816.00

9 MO - $1847.00

10 MO - $1803.00

11 MO - $1751.00

12 MO - $1774.00

&amp;#x200B;

My questions is do any of these leases fall under the new California rent control law AB 1482? Unless I'm mistaken my rent can't be increased more than 5% correct? Which would mean $1757.00 would be the max it could be raised and only the 11 month option falls under that.

&amp;#x200B;

Am I misunderstanding this new law or am I in the right here? If they're in the wrong here should I even bother with the incompetent people in the office or should I take it up with the property management themselves?

&amp;#x200B;

Any advice is greatly appreciated!"
"Would not going to see an alleged detective be on my best interest? I'm a teacher, I've been put on admin leave due and allegation, I dunno what the allegation is, the protocol for admin leave in my case is shady (not telling me what is, detective apparently working for police instead of employer, a building that belongs to children's advocacy center instead of usual building owner by my school district).

Now all this is been hell and a nightmare to me, I face the prospect or losing liberty and my job and being sent back to my county EVEN after things clearing up or so some lawyers say. Not to mention the psychollogical effects of this, I'm scared, fearful, my trust been abused, and I got this feeling that whoever i say, even you Reading this may doubt me and think I may have actually done whatever they may be accusing me of (it's a feeling leaves you feeling lonely and suicidal)

Anyway, seems a criminal lawyer may be best here. First I want to investigate who this detective is and why he was called and not the usual one and why in there? Then know what the allegation is of course.

At least two of them advised me to not go see the cops/the detective. In theory I'm under investigation and this isn't a formal appointment citation in which I got to go or else... Feels like that anyway.more like an invitation to go.. but I've been thinking these lawyers are probably right.. they can investigate all they want and I will cooperate with, THROUGH my lawyer.. it kind of goes against my instinct of ""I got nothing to hide"" but they say cops have all sorts of techniques to even incriminate the best teacher on earth you can imagine.

So anyway.. nightmare aside: is this what you would advise too? My employer may see it as not cooperating/admission of guilt maybe? But I'm thinking they may not rehire me anyway regardless of me being physically present in there or not. It's even more weird cause this allegation comes in a time when I was teaching online..and everything I wrote to my students can be seen no problem but I know it could be from before that.

I'm shattered by this.. and it's also starting to affect my loves ones of course.. seems to me someone is acting in Ill will towards me and I have my suspect. So frustrating to say the least. I wish this upon no one but that suspect if he's indeed the one behind which may turn out to.

Anyway: so .assuming this detective is legit and my employer knows of.. to go or not to go? Just send the lawyer? Give him my lawyer's number for cooperation and that's it?;why yes why not. Tho the prospect of losing my job despite the veredict is harming my faith on humanity, The urgent matters at hand is if course not being wrongfully incriminated by whatever allegation turns out to be. And for this I ask if not going may be on my best interest and why.

Thank you."
"[Iowa] Radius vs. Driving Miles Our custody order awarding joint physical care to both parties states that I must live within “20 mile radius” of the kids’ school. Can I take this literally, using a 20 mile *radius* from the school address or am I to assume this insinuates 20 road miles? 

For context, I’m not trying to be a dick or find loopholes. There’s just very few livable houses in my price range within 20 driving miles, whereas within a 20 mile straight-line radius has many more options. "
I [43M] have two small daughters with a woman [F36] who may or may not be in a inappropriate relationship with her father [65M]. My profile has the original issue posted in r/advice but I was directed here as a suggestion from several users. Long story short, I have 2 small daughters (under the age of 5) with a girl I never married. It’s been a long painful relationship but it’s time to move on for the sake of the kids and my health. My problem is that my girlfriend either has a emotional incest or sexually improper relationship with her biological father. I need advice about how I go forward with separating and getting a fair custody arrangement without jeopardizing the well-being of my kids.
"5am, Noisy Neighbors in Chicago, Cops can't access the property so tell me there's nothing they can do. Need advice. I live on an upper floor of a building. The residents of the unit in the building on the property next to mine (right across the window over the gangway below) blare loud music until as late as 5am 1 or 2 Saturdays a month.      
    
Their property is gated and locked. There is no Property management contact listed on or near the building, and I have no way of getting to the door of any of the tenants during daylight hours.        
    
Because of how close the buildings are, the bass from their loud music shakes the bedrooms in my house just enough to prevent sleep for my whole family.         
      
I have mentioned it to my landlord, but he does not know the owner of the property next door. So, tonight, I called the cops. They showed up, but were unable to access the gate and there is no bell for the unit. So the cops left.      
    
As I type this, the music is continuing to rattle my apartment, and I will likely not get sleep until after 5am when they stop.      
      
I first tried 311, but they said to call the police.     
So I called the local police non-emergency line, and they told me to call 911 for dispatch.    
    

I have only lived here for 2 months of a 14 month lease. I love the place, but this is not sustainable. Seeing as there is no way to get this to stop (even the cops walk away from it), what recourse do I have to remedy this situation?       
I would prefer to stay here, but I would be willing to move if that is the only option I have and there is some legal way to do so without breaking the lease.        
        
While they are way too lout and (obviously) not self-aware, it is fair to say that they have no idea that I've been trying to get them to stop with the music for weeks now.       
I thought about posting a sign on the gates to the building asking for the loud music to stop, but with Chicagoans in my neighborhood that will likely result in a passive-aggressive display in which they do this more than just 1-2 Saturday nights a month.  And since the police can't/won't do anything about it, I don't want to start that war.        
     
Any advice on either getting this addressed or- worst-case scenario- being able to nullify my lease as a result of this would be helpful.     
I planned on living here for years to come, so getting the noise to stop would be my preference.     
       
Thanks in advance."
"[Kansas] coworker distributing photo of me taken during work? Sorry if this isn't tagged correctly, I'm not really certain what this falls under, I also apologize for formatting as I'm on mobile. 

This happened in Kansas, I work at a Kroger franchise. Today my supervisor informed me that the guy who checks the cameras has been taking people that he has pictures of me using my phone on the clock and when asked, he sent her a photo of the camera monitor from his cell phone. He has also insinuated that I was ignoring customers while doing this. My supervisor believes he's just attempting to start drama but I'm personally concerned about this. I'm not denying the phone usage, in fact this same supervisor allows phone usage so long as all the work is done and we're vigilant about customers, two things that I am known for. However, this isn't the company policy, and I'm concerned that this will risk my job, which I absolutely can't lose.

I don't know if there's anything illegal going on here but I figured this was the best place to ask. Any help would be appreciated."
Classmate Thieve .
"[Renton, WA] My roommate might've been illegally evicted!     So I live in this guy's (I'll call him R) house, there's 3 rooms in the house and 2 rooms in the basement, me and my roommate who I'll be calling S, lives in the basement rooms. I've lived there a year now, S moved in February this year. I've been living with my parents since March to help with my baby sister since they've kept her out of daycare during the pandemic. I'm still paying my rent and everything since I'm on SSI and can't work due to my disabilities so that's not a problem. 

    S is on SSI too but she also worked, but unfortunately she probably lost her job due to COVID-19. Well we hadn't talked in a few weeks and I am going back home on Saturday so I was going to let her know, so we could hang out possibly. Well, turns out our landlord told her to ""pay by tomorrow or get the f*ck out"" well she had to leave cause she can't pay. She's living in her car currently and apparently he's not giving her any of her packages or mail! 

    Our governor put a ban on evictions until June 4th I believe, but I'm not sure that applies to landlord's renting out rooms in a house they live in. I know him not giving her any mail or packages she's receiving is very illegal! Do any of you have any suggestions I can give her? I really don't have the full story because she said she doesn't want to talk about it fully, she's really upset."
"Starting A Company in the USA Hey,

I  found someone with a mutual interest in a patent idea I had and we built it.  I'm not American, he wishes for me to stay in the USA so we could continue building patents together. I'm currently on a tourist visa that's running out in the beginning of January. We're considering starting a company, listing my first patent, the one we just built, and then continue from there. What do you recommend?

Thanks"
"(MA) Seems like I can't file a restraining order against someone harassing me online? I have someone who used to be a friend that grew increasingly obsessive but only online (he lives in a different state now). There was a stretch of time where I told him I'm dating someone and I would like him to stop contacting me. At the time I was young and naive, and was scared of what might happen if I actually block him, so I put his messages on ""ignore"" mode. He proceeded to text almost every day saying something like I miss you, I see myself marrying you, etc. for some years.

Recently he says he's gotten therapy and is a lot better, apologized, and wanted to start a normal friendship. I cautiously agreed and realized he had the same obsessive behavior, constantly trying to convince me to date him / have sex with him when I say I'm not interested. This time I blocked him for good everywhere, but recently he found a way to contact me with a fake social media account, which I also immediately blocked and changed my privacy settings (apparently Snapchat's default is that non-friends can message you). I was too shook and forgot to screenshot this (it was Snapchat so it disappeared) -- I should've and I'm beating myself up for this.

I'm afraid that this might escalate to him physically stalking me -- it hasn't happened, but I want to prevent it from happening. Looking at MA's definition of harassment, it doesn't include online harassment. Am I unable to file a restraining order until he actually physically stalks me?"
Bug Problem Ok, so I moved into my new unit about two months ago. When I went to go initially view the unit I saw bugs in the fridge. Given, it was a nice place and they would clean it up I decided to sign a lease due to the fact of this whole covid19 ordeal. In the lease agreement it says I would be responsible for a new bug problem. Would I be liable for a preexisting bug problem? I have no pictures but my wife and I can attest to seeing bugs ever since we moved here. The groundskeeper even told us that the owners son used to live here and it was trashy when he was occupying the unit. Is there anything I can do to cover my assets?
"California - Renting a condo, was not properly cleaned, and not up to code. What are my rights?   I just started renting a condo in California.  It is my first time living on my own.  I was told before we moved in the place would be cleaned, but from my perspective that never happened, or was done very poorly.  I have included this [album to show the lack of cleanliness.](http://imgur.com/a/FvzmT)  

  This condo is two stories, and only has a smoke detector in the upstairs hallway.  It has been like that since I moved in just over a week ago.  I got in contact with the landlord, and she blew me off saying she was too busy the first week we were there to solve all the problems we were having, including the oven being broken, lack of smoke detectors, and cleanliness issues.  She told me we would have to wait until this week.

  The realtor contacted me yesterday saying he walked through the condo before we moved in, and it was clean to him, so they were not going to do anything about it.  I also asked him about my rights when it comes to the place being uninhabitable due to the lack of smoke detectors, and he said ""nobody has ever been that technical before"".  After arguing with him for a bit, he is coming by this evening to add a second smoke detector to the first floor, and I am going to show him how ""clean"" the place is.

I am including this link to the [California Landlord, and Tenant Handbook
](http://www.dca.ca.gov/publications/landlordbook/problems.shtml)
  
By California state law, not having the proper smoke detectors made the place ""Uninhabitable"" is there anything I should do with this?

Also what is within my rights as to how clean the place should be before I move in?

I was also unsure of where to post this, so if /r/legaladvice is not right, I will gladly move it.

All help is much appreciated."
"Columbus, Ohio Company has registered me as an employee. Never worked there a day in my life TLDR: I received a message from the Unemployment office stating that I'm a current employee with the company. I had initial talks with a temp agency and filled out paper work allowing them to represent me to their clients is now saying I work for them. I never have worked there, never reported for work and never received a paycheck.

EDIT: I told them i'm not interested 05/08/202. I didn't receive unemployment until 05/21/2020. I didn't know if I was eligible until that payment. I was laid off on 03/28/2020. This wasn't a money driven decision.

What are my options here? I already filled out stating I never worked at the company and provided a reason why.  I can't lose unemployment until I find a new job. I'm looking for something in my field but there isn't a lot out there right now.

\---

I was laid off at the end of may. Finally was able to receive unemployment (still on it currently). I interviewed with a temp agency and filled out some initial paper work allowing them to represent me to their clients.

I initially told them I'm not interested (I don't do temp agencies, prefer direct hire) but went ahead with their client for an interview. I eventually told them the position they had was not for me and I no longer wanted to work with them. They lied about pay rate and I found their process of how they required me to report to them excessive.

I received a message from the Unemployment office stating that I'm a current employee with the company. I never have worked there, never reported for work and never received a paycheck.

I have no source of income other than other than unemployment. I have been diligently applying to companies not only in my city but others since I was laid off.  I'm not scamming, I just didn't feel comfortable with the job they provided."
"Start of Contract So I signed a contract with a local agency ""X"". I was deployed as an employee of X agency to this multinational bank on May 1. Since the covid situation, I cannot work on site therefore I am waiting for the bank's email for the access in 3 days now. Upon checking with the X agency, they said the 3 days I spent waiting for the bank's email is unpaid. This was not stated in the contract. Is there something that I can do to be properly compensated for the 3 days Ive waited on my computer for the goddamn email? 

Per the contract, I am already employed but it did not state that I need to wait for the access from the vendor. Is that legal?"
"Is leaving a note on someone's car considered harassment? Okay, so bear with me through this: I live in Canada (province of Manitoba), just turned 18 a week and a half ago - so yes, I am a legal adult now. My friend, who is 17, got kicked out of her house for being gay and her stepdad kept repeatedly harassing her and her girlfriend via landline and has resorted to trying to ""visit"" (and by visit, I mean STALK) her girlfriend at work. I got very concerned for my friend and got very angry at her stepdad (which I understand I have absolutely no say in any of the situation and should have stayed out of it the first place, I'm an idiot) and proceeded to write a note that said:
""HOMOPHOBIC PARENTS DO NOT DESERVE TO BE PARENTS. THEY DESERVE TO ROT IN HELL."" and left it on the car in the driveway and drove off. 

Immediately regretting what I did, I told my sister, my friend and my parents. Last night I got a message from my friend saying that her grandmother called and told her that her stepdad called the police and is getting the letter tested for fingerprints (which they don't even have mine on file lol). I obviously was freaked out and called her and her girlfriend's landline and discussed my options with them. 

Today, I got a message from my friend again saying that they got a call from the police station and that they're investigating the case, which she then told them that I did it and gave them my cell number. I'm totally freaked out right now and afraid that I'm going to get charged for a mistake that I made in the heat of the moment and this may potentially fuck up my life. I haven't been involved with the law before so I have hopes they'll let me off with a warning and everything will be okay, but since I'm an adult I feel like it's just not going to work out for me at all. I'm supposed to be getting a call from the police tomorrow explaining the situation. 

TLDR: Left a note on my friend's parents' car calling them homophobes for kicking my friend out. Wondering and worrying if I'll get charged for harassment or threats. "
"Should I sign this form regarding the PPP from my employer? I’m sorry that this is likely going to be a popular topic in the days to come, but the general manger of the CA based restaurant I work for sent me a form that I’m told I must sign. I’m afraid if I sign I’ll
be scheduled a minuscule amount of hours (not just less hours, but as a server a whole heck of a lot less in tips) and then kicked off unemployment, leaving me stranded. If I refuse to sign, I will likely be fired.

Is the information in this form correct? Must I sign? 

“SUPER IMPORTANT. EVERYONE MUST RESPOND TO THIS.

Looks like we have some help from the government with payroll. It comes with conditions, though. I need each member of staff to SEND ME AN EMAIL to *************, as follows:

'I, [name], confirm that I [am/am not] available to work 30 hours per week starting Monday 05/25/2020.'

The government help requires that anyone we have on staff works a minimum of 30 hours, and I need agreement and confirmation in writing from each employee.

The program starts for us this Monday, the 25th, so the posted schedule will be changing.

I need your confirmations by noon tomorrow. Sorry for the short notice, but we just got approval.”"
"Father-In-Law cannot evict ex-girlfriend from the house he owns even though they occupy the same room and she doesn’t financially contribute. (MN) My 67 year old father in law was dating a woman in her mid 50’s. His children were concerned about financial exploitation from her but he still stayed in a relationship with her. This past Sunday, he ended the relationship after she verbally berated him about a variety of things. 

She has never paid rent, though claims she did cleaning and other things around the house. We pursued legal counsel and were told to give her a weeks notice to vacate the premises, and she in turn filed a complaint with the Attorney General’s office. The office threatened to sue my father in law if he proceeded to follow through with the vacate notice. 

Now it seems like an eviction will need to be filed, however, all evictions in Minnesota are suspended through the peacetime emergency with few exceptions. While we are concerned about his well being and her manipulation, I don’t think they are outward enough to warrant one of the exceptions. 

Is he stuck with her in his home, his own room even, until the peacetime emergency is over and he can evict her? This seems so unprecedented and the legal counsel we pursued is still unsure what options are available. It’s baffling that in this scenario, he could potentially be stuck with her living in his same room for months. 

If this matters at all, they were out of state since January, they only returned to the residence last week."
"My wife has compelling evidence of shady business practices/collusion at her charter school. Is there a case here? I know the rules but for privacy purposes I feel the need to leave out my location. If there's something that depend on my specific location, I can talk to someone in PMs.

My wife is an elementary school teacher in a charter network in a major city. Urban education in america, as you may know, is a struggle almost anywhere you go. This year the new principal eliminated a teaching position for grades 3 and 4 driving class sizes up to ~30 kids - above the legal limit (I'm pretty sure this is legal as charter schools are not goverened by the school board) - which has generally made life miserable for all the teachers, and the students as well. Coinciding with this, the new principal ordered an expensive new set of curriculum that's not used by any other schools in the charter network. My wife overheard something and decided to do some digging. This is what she learned:

* The CEO of the company that sells the curriculum is the principal's wife

* The EVP of curriculum and marketting, and the writer of said curriculum is his (their?) daughter
* The principal himself is the ex Chief Academic Officer of this company, co author of the curriculum, and may still receive royalties for it.

Is there a crime here, or is it just shady dealing?

edit: from the responses, and thinking about it a bit, location might be particularly relevant here. This is a charter in Philadelphia, PA."
Not at fault. What are my options. Sorry if it’s hard to read on Mobile. So December 23 I was involved in a MVA told on scene I was not at fault and other driver cited or failure to grant right of way at a junction on highway. I have since reported it to her insurance company ( I do not carry collision so my company will not cover me) I have sent her company the police report. She still has not reported to her insurance, will not return calls or emails. Her insurance company claims they will not accept liability until speaking to her, and if she doesn’t report within 30 days they retroactively cancel her to date of accident so they wouldn’t have to cover fixing my car. I don’t know what to do my car is getting worse by the day I can’t not drive it. I work 40 miles for work and have to travel another 20 miles from home to school a day. I drive close to 100 miles a day I can’t afford to Uber that.  Is that something her company can legally do even if she had active coverage at the time? Any legal avenues I can take to make her report this to her insurance?
"Is it considered False advertising if my restaurant says all our pasta is ""Imported"", when it is actually bought from Walmart/Sam's Club? I work at an Italian restaurant in Michigan, and if you read our Pasta menu, it would state that all of our pasta is ""imported"" from nowhere in particular, by the way.  Me and my manager go into a discussion about if it was False Advertising or not, with me saying that it was, and him saying that they technically are ""Importing"" it."
"WASHINGTON STATE- My mothers neighbor pulled a gun on her on mothers day and we later found out it was only a pellet gun, can she still be charged with 2nd degree assault? So some details, my mother lives in a studio apartment with my grandmother. My mom and her friend (we'll call her Dee) were outside of her apartment smoking and chatting about mothers day when their other neighbor (we'll call her crazy lady) came out and started making racist comments towards my mother (she's Filipina and Chamorro) and Dee told her to buzz off. Crazy lady kept claiming my mom stole her lawn chair because she's a dirty ******. Obviously my mom didnt steal the chair and the crazy lady was just being a racist, but when my mom told her to leave her alone, Crazy lady went into her apartment and grabbed a gun and pointed it directly at my mother and then at Dee, laughing that she was just going to kill them. My mom's other neighbors called the cops and took crazy lady into custody and took statements from my mom and Dee along with 3 other neighbors. There are cameras that look directly at where this took place and all of this can be proven. 

Dee is white and got an automatic restraining order from the court against CL, but my mom didn't and is concerned it's a racial problem within the courts but that's another story. CL is *only* being charged with harrassment and I'm confused and a little upset with this. Is it because it was a pellet gun and not a real gun? My mother and Dee certainly thought it was real. Also, is there any way to press further charges? Thank you in advance!"
Is my mom allowed to force me to do things around the house? For a little bit of background, my mom isn't a good person. In fact she's the complete opposite. She kicked me out when I was 13 and I'm back with her now, and she hasn't changed a bit. She's intentionally making my life hell. I overheard her talking about making a list of things for me to do and she had about 3 and was saying to the lady who owns this house that she's just trying to find more things for me to do. If I say no when she tells me to do that stuff, will I get in trouble? She's called the cops on me 3 times before and the last time she did the cops told me to stop disrespecting my mom and that I could get in trouble for it. Is that true?
"Can my employer delay processing on my next payment until I return some items? I work at an elementary school. It's a public charter, which might matter. I also live and work in the state of Nevada. I resigned two weeks ago and gave my final date of employment at January 5th. We're on break until January 6th though, so this was my last day in the classroom. I was required to turn in my keys today and was told I would not be allowed access after today, despite my last day being the 5th of January.

Every year teachers are given a classroom fund. I used mine last year to buy supplies. I had to check out to show that all materials were present. I got some of my items mixed up though as I had left several hundred dollars of classroom storage since I thought the school reimbursed it, but I had taken home everything else including some math manipulatives. I got called out on three things that I had taken home because the school had reimbursed me. No biggie, I just figured I'd take home the bins and bring back the math stuff. Principal confirmed this was okay, and if I didn't, they'd just withhold it from my last paycheck. I did have to leave some bins since I had to leave the school quickly to get to an appointment. When I asked if I could get them later, the Principal told me that I wouldn't be allowed access to the room.

I also needed to turn in a handmade hardcopy of the gradebook which I thought was at home, but then I remembered that I tossed it after I decided to quit since I figured I wouldn't need it anymore. But they said they will need it and that it's considered 'school property' despite it being written by me and handmade - they don't give us anything to make it. It does have students first names and assignments and grades. No identifying info though.

The principal emailed me the to-do list and stated ""...As discussed at your check-out, please return the following items before 1/6/20 in order for us to process you final paycheck.""

Which makes it seem like if I don't return those, they won't give me my paycheck. Is that legal?"
"[MA] Judgement by Default - MA Unemployment vs Bankrupt business My construction company employed 10 to 25 employees and declared bankruptcy in 2011. Those final years 2009 to 2011 were tough and I did not pay all quarters of unemployment. Some quarters were not filed. (Many were $0 payroll in 2010 and 2011)
I've received a ""Judgement by Default"" letter for more than $ 300,000 but most of that is for quarters that I can prove had $0 payroll and reduce that amount. What is my personal liability as previous owner? Is this amount negotiable? Thanks in advance for any advice or opinions. "
"Whats does entry of nolle prosequi mean? \[GA\] A couple months ago my mother was in a minor car accident, she does not speak english fluently so she was not able to explain what happened to the police officer and she was charge for failure to yield the right of way. It was not her fault, the other driver was merging into her lane and hit my mother's car in the back-right side of the car . She went to court and after a couple of court dates they gave her a state court date but today she got this letter in the mail. Can someone explain what does entry of nolle prosequi mean? Thank you. 

[https://imgur.com/a/JrJx5bz](https://imgur.com/a/JrJx5bz)"
"Am I entitled sick paid leave under the FFRCA as a part-time essential worker? I was just wondering because on March 30th I had lost my sense of taste and smell and I was instructed by my doctor and the state heath department to self isolate for 14 days. I currently work at a grocery store, and 2 weeks prior to losing my sense I was working a lot over my spring break. After I was informed to self isolate, I had called my store director and told him the news. He was nice about it and took me off the schedule for 2 weeks. Now that I’m thinking about it wasn’t offer any paid sick leave, or anything along that line. 2 weeks prior I had ZERO protection from customers which makes me think I’m 99% sure I have/had the corona virus. So, would I as a part time grocery store worker be entitled to paid sick leave under the Families First Coronavirus Response Act? 
 
Location: Nebraska"
"My current employer ""disclosed"" incorrect info to a prospective employer that could potentially result in me losing an amazing career opportunity. What steps should I take from here? Just as a precursor this is in the state of Missouri, and the position I am being considered for is a government job that requires a security clearance.  From what I can tell this info was obtained from my employer by an investigator with the Office of Personnel Management. (Just in case there's a different set of laws for disclosing info to prospective employers when it's federal or requires a security clearance.)
 

Background: I've been with my current employer (large retailer) just shy of 6 years.  I have always been a top performer through different locations/departments/positions.  I have missed some time due to a toddler with a disability.  About 12 months ago my direct supervisor was fired and 3-4 months later they  finally hired a new direct supervisor.  My new supervisor and I got along fine at first, but a few weeks in we had a disagreement and he started going out of his way to come down on me for anything/everything.  Within a month he documented me (twice) for attendance.  (The issues were from before he was hired-okayed by my previous supervisor/HR but apparently never entered correctly in the system.)  I was hating anything and everything that had to do with work because of my supervisor, my wife's business had grown to a size that could support us, and we were having a rough patch keeping our 2 year old son's seizures under control.  I decided to transfer out of my department/position to a position that required less hours and no stress of a target being painted on my back.  I explained to my employer that my reason for requesting that transfer was to spend more time/care for my son.  That was about 5 months ago and I haven't had any issues since.
 

Now: I was called yesterday by an investigator working on my background check for prospect job (I have already tested/passed all required tests for job, been selected, and received a TOL pending the results of receiving my security clearance.  Today I met with the investigator and reviewed all of the info I submitted and I had to clarify a couple of my responses and confirm employment dates but all seemed well.  At the very end tells me that during his investigation they contacted my employer to confirm my answers.  My employers response was something along the lines of this: ""Attendance issues, unreliable, resigned after being disciplined and being told his job was at risk.""
 

The guy is sitting across the table from me and is giving me this look like he just busted somebody on law and order.  He asked me if I had any explanation or response and why I didn't mention that.  I started laughing and was like ""Uh, I still work there...?"".  In the end he said they would look into it further, but I'm still pretty upset with the situation.
 

I can only think of three ways this could have happened. 
1.They looked at info from the wrong employee file somehow.
2.They looked at my file and it's incorrect.
3.They called my supervisor listed on my original forms and he gave them this info over the phone.


What should my next steps be?  I can't tell if my employer did anything wrong legally by giving this information out.  I hope to get this sorted out with HR first thing in the morning, but I'd like to have a better grasp on the legal aspect of this before I go in.  Unless there is different policy for this type of prospective employer, company policy was definitely broken (per policy HR can only disclose job title/location/dates).  Do I settle for them removing the ""Resigned...."" section?  One last thing to note is that per law in Missouri (from what I see)-any requested information must be sent to a prospective employer in writing, as well as a copy sent to the employee at their last known address.  I definitely have not received anything of the sort in the mail from my employer, should I request a copy of this from them regardless of outcome? 

&amp;nbsp;

Update: It's been a bit over a week since my original post so I thought I'd post an update for the folks who requested it.  Thursday morning I spoke with our HR manager and to make a long story short she was not aware of any request for info.  I explained the situation and made sure to note that the only name I listed on my paperwork was my previous supervisor.  She told me she had no idea how OPM would have obtained the review that they did, but really didn't seem worried or concerned that it happened.  She offered to verify that I was still working there-but I was getting the vibe that was about the only thing she was willing to do or say to fix the situation.  I thanked her for her time and set off to do some homework on our company policy.  (Side note-I was able to review my personal file and was able to verify that the information in it was correct.)
Sunday morning when I went in my previous supervisor was working as well so I casually asked him if he had received any requests for information about me for a background check.  His response was ""Yeah actually...a couple of months ago I got a call but it was sort of confusing.  They just asked some questions and I answered them, just told them you were a good guy and good to work with, a bunch of yes/no questions and stuff like that.  I don't want to get too detailed because I had to sign something.""

&amp;nbsp;
As


&amp;nbsp;

Edit:Spelling and corrected a mistake
 
"
"Need to pass on custody not sure if this is the correct subreddit or even flair but i thought i may as well ask my question here

&amp;#x200B;

So im a Male,17, living currently in florida with my aunt and uncle, for almost a year now we've been trying to get my mother who lives in new york to give my custody, or legal rights, not sure what the correct term is here, to my aunt and uncle because my uncle said that i can get a ton of benefits from his job but my mom has been too lazy to sign the papers but over text i finally convinced her but my birthday is in 23 days as of posting this, can i still get my custody signed over to my aunt and uncle and get the benefits or is it too late? if i turn 18 before the papers get signed can i maybe have them sign adoption papers and still receive the benefits? any and all help on this situation is appreciated because im not quite sure on how to go about this in the event that its too late to get these papers signed"
"Landlord Causing Problems Hi everyone! Also posted in r/advice. Here’s the story: 
Before COVID, we had extended our lease from end of April until end of May. After COVID, we no longer needed the extension because my boyfriend and I would not be physically graduated and we also aren’t working as we are non-essential. We asked the landlord to cancel the extension and he said no. 
That’s fine, we tried to find someone to sublet, but no luck. 
The landlord was able to find someone that was interested so I sent videos of the apartment and also emailed with the prospective tenant at the request of the landlord. They even came and toured while we waited outside. Now, the prospective tenant has backed out. 
They were supposed to move in May 15th, and we were told our move our day was to be May 10th and that the rent would be prorated. This is written in an email. Most of our belongings are out and in a storage unit already. 
We have yet to pay May rent because we were waiting for the prospective tenant to sign the lease but now that they backed out, our landlord is asking for rent for the full month. We don’t have that money. 
So, what do we do? What is legal for us to do? Do we just pay for the 10 days or will our security deposit be taken? Please help!"
"I was drugged and sexually assaulted when I was 16 years old by the Director of a ""safe place for teens"" - There were a few of us... Hi, I need some advice.  I am 34 years old now.  I have for the last 18 years been walking around pissed off and feeling guilty.  I met ""mike"" through a friend of mine in High School.  I was a junior in HS.  Mike was the Director of a local, very reputable, ""Safe Place for Teens.""  He invited a few of us to his house to ""hang out."" My mom was skeptical but (like an idiot teenager) I asked her to mind her own business. :/ - He would let us drink alcohol and provided us with some weed on a couple occasions.  One night we were over at his apartment and he said he had some pills... and due to a combination of trusting him... and being an idiot teenager, I ate the pill.  The next thing I know I am waking up on the couch and everyone is gone except Mike.  He has my pants down and he's got his face on my private area.  :/  I stand up and just about fall over... but get my pants up.  Ask him to take me home.  I've spent 18 years mad about this shit... now I have a son of my own.  I have been really thinking about speaking up about how this went down.  I know he did similar shit to 2 of my friends as well.  I know he hasn't been punished... part of me thinks it has been 18 years so I should leave it alone.  Part of me thinks it's my responsibility to let it be known what that guy is about.  Im torn because there are people that I do not want to know.  Id rather my dad not know... Id rather my son not know.  What I'd really like to do is find him and beat his ass... but I dont want to go to jail.  Its really evil what he did as he was in a position to be around ""at risk"" teens under the guise of helping them... he was the mentor for the kids that needed a ""safe place."" :(  So I was thinking about legally going after him.  Do I have ground to stand on?  The state this happened in has no statute of limitations on sex crimes.  Im not interested in any money... I just dont want him to be able to keep doing that shit to other people... and I'd like to finally exhale this deep breath Ive been holding for all these years.    :/   What's the course of action?  Should I leave it alone?  Thanks for your time."
Is it even possible to start a nonprofit?? Almost no money. I am currently part of a non-profit student organization which supports mental health. We are looking to register for 501c3 designation in order to make it easier to receive donations and access certain services which provide discounts to non-profits. The issue is that we do not have a large amount of money, so we cannot afford legal counsel to help with the paperwork. Would I be able to file the paperwork myself? If so, what would I have to do to make sure none of us are personally liable for the organization after we leave school? What is the cheapest this can be done for and what would we have to do every year to maintain the status? Thank you all for the help and for supporting all of our causes!
Landlord not returning security deposit We renewed our lease (3 people) with a different 3rd person on the lease in December. Instead of the new person just paying the original roommate his share of the security deposit, we asked the landlord to return our original deposit and we would send in a new one. The landlord responded that they would send our deposit back as soon as they get the new one, which makes sense. The new deposit was received in February but the landlord has yet to send us back our old one. It's nearly impossible to get her to return calls/emails. What would the best course of action be to get the money back while avoiding small claims court? We are in New York City
"Game Server Operator - allegations against a member [California] I run a popular game server for minecraft that has kids, teenagers, and adults connecting in.  I also run a teamspeak server for general use.  


Recently, there have been allegations against one of the players saying that they sent highly illegal images to a group of players using a third party IM service.  I did not personally witness this with my own eyes but a significant number of players state that it did happen.  I was recently made aware of this.


The question is do I have any liability if I continue to let this player on my server / teakspeak (voice chat) server given I was made aware of the allegations?  I don't personally know that its true so I hesitate to act on it but its certainly possible.  I am concerned and want to make sure that I don't have any personal liability given I am aware of the allegations in case this user does end up inappropriately chatting with a younger player on my server.  


Also, since this would be over the internet, would my state laws apply or would I be impacted by the laws in the states where the kid / teenager was?


I'd like to just ignore this issue since I don't have first hand knowledge of it."
[CA] A plain clothes cop came to my door and won’t leave. So a plain clothes officer came to my door, I know he was a cop because he had a lanyard with a badge on it around his neck. I saw him through my ring door bell. I didn’t answer cuz I don’t know what it’s about and honestly cops scare me especially in my backwoods town.  He stayed at my door for 10 minutes. He finally walked away, but I didn’t see anyone drive off. I went to my backyard 25 minutes later and saw he’s parked in front of my neighbors house just sitting in his car. What should I do?
"Sublease Situation Signed a 2 month sublease with someone in early-March and he paid me a deposit; later that month, he tells me that he does not plan to follow through with the contract because his internship was cancelled due to COVID-19. I proposed a solution with him that we can try to find someone else to take over the sublease and I'd return his deposit. 

I've posted to multiple Facebook groups, contacted people individually, etc with no luck. It is now a week until his rent is due, and he is saying he will file a small claims case against me because I will not return his deposit and plan to pay out of my pocket for the 1st month and use the deposit for the 2nd month. 

Any advice?"
"Friend hit a pedestrian with his car which resulted in the death of said pedestrian, possible suicide, does he have to protect himself with a lawyer?   Hi everyone, I’m posting this here to advise a friend who has found himself in some pit of trouble. 

A few day ago, he was driving with his car when he hit a pedestrian at night (Australia). The man, whose condition was severe, was taken to the hospital and when police came, there was a witness to the accident who was able to provide details of what happened. 

According to my friend’s account, the pedestrian jumped in front of his car. My friend had not been drinking, nor has he been driving over the speed limit (this has been confirmed by the police).

A few days go by and he has no news from the police, apart from them telling him they will contact him later, nor any news from the pedestrian. 

In the meantime, a lady on Facebook (apparently a friend of the family of the victim) wrote under an article about the accident that the pedestrian was dealing with mental health and that it was a suicide. 

I tell my friend about it, but he seemed worried nonetheless.

The police eventually called him yesterday and told him that the pedestrian passed away, and if he could come by the police station the following day to explain how the accident happened. Keep in mind that before that, the police had yet to ask him about his version of the facts. 

Following this call with the police, my friend emails them to ask if he can also have a translator present, since his English is not good. (he is Korean).

However, and this is when it gets twisty, few moments later, he freaks out and decides to hire a lawyer. Said lawyer emails the police station, stating that his client (my friend) was not ready to give a statement nor was he ready to participate in any recorded interview.

Honestly, I told him that it looked kind of bad. I told him that he looks guilty even if he was supposedly not at fault. I also told him he should have waited until the investigation was over, and then get a lawyer IF he needed one, covered by his car insurance (his car is still with the police, as the investigation is ongoing) He said to me that he freaked out last minute, and that he was just very scared and wanted to protect himself. He said he was scared to give a statement to the police because of his broken English. He has an appointment with the lawyer on Friday.

Now he is just confused. Should he cancel his appointment with the lawyer and just go to the police station and tell them he freaked out? Or was it a good idea to protect himself with a lawyer from a legal standpoint?

Would love to get your opinion on this."
"Can mother of my baby deny consent to me establishing paternity through court? Arizona. Hello there, I'm not sure if this is the proper place to post this, but if anyone has been through a similar situation here in the U.S I'll be all ears (or in this case all eyes) to the advice you have to give. 

And to all the people telling me to get an attorney, yes I do understand that this is my best option and I am working on that. 

I just found out I am having a baby with someone who things were broken off with over 6 months ago. She found out she was pregnant and was never going to tell me. However she told me 4 weeks ago and without dragging this into a long dramatic story I'll try to get straight to the point (unless y'all like drama series!).

Things are not good between us and she does not want me to ever contact her again for the rest of my life. I want to be in my son's life and when I expressed this to her she told me the due date and told me to go establish paternity then. 
I said ok I'll do what's easiest for you and cooperate, I asked her to make things as easy as possible and to let the court or whatever agency does these kinds of things to allow the DNA test to happen. For all I know she can just not go. Her reaction was ""No I'm done with you I want you to leave me alone and I will not cooperate. I won't go through court with you and you can establish paternity on your own without my help. Goodluck"".

So I'm really confused. When I asked her if she wanted me to even be in our sons life she didn't exactly say no, but at the same time her not wanting the DNA test to be done shows that she doesn't want me to ever meet him. 

I'm a fairly responsible guy in his late 20's. I've worked the same job for 3 years so I'm not flakey or it's not like I can't hold down a job. I don't do drugs or smoke pot or drink. I have a clean criminal record. I think I'm an ok citizen on paper! 

Also, she's due in 4 weeks. I have called my superior court, justice court, all the courts in my area! And I can't seem to get a clear answer on who or what department I go to for this process of filing a petition to establish paternity. I have no idea the costs. I can see why an attorney is the best option. However I'm not there financially and the baby mother also mentioned that she doesn't want this to go to court. Going to court is the last thing I want to do. I would rather us be civil and agree on something. 

In the meantime I have been clearing out a room and I've bought a bunch of baby stuff and have been making sure i can provide what the baby needs. Diapers, bottles, food, clothes. All of it. (I'm 99% sure this is my baby, however if the DNA test says otherwise, I've saved all my receipts so I'm not all out of luck on what I spent).

I have never had a baby before...... and I want to be in my kids life and help give him a good life. 
That's all I want. Don't care if I  pay child support or only be given visitation. It doesn't matter to me I just want to be in his life.  

TL;DR:
Can a mother legally say no to a DNA test if the father is trying to establish paternity?  Arizona, USA."
Living With Mom Now But Want To Live With Dad? 12m IN So i currently live with my mom in Indiana, but I would like to move with my dad. I have not run it through with them, because i don't even know if it's legal. Does my word have enough weight in law? What do i do? The reason i want to move is because we are moving but i do not want to. Please help!
Question about appearance in court? I am in greene county ohio. Had an issue on February 11th. Police were called. I was arrested. Misdemeanor 1st degrees. First time ever being arrested. Never even had a speeding ticket. I was released the following morning. Told I had to appear in court February 27th for a scheduled conference or else they’d put out a warrant for my arrest. Was also told to get in contact with my defendant which I have. Have an appointment with them in March. They specifically told me I do not have to show in court tomorrow on the 27th. I called back twice recently to confirm and still stands. For some reason this doesn’t seem right?! Lol I am a total newb with this....i dont really understand how all of this works...so basically i meet with my defendant and that takes place of the “conference?” Please help. ;/ i don’t want to end up waking up to police banging my damn door down with a warrant lol 
"[FL, CA] requesting custody when child is in another state Hey guys. It’s an extremely long story to get every detail in here so I’m going to TRY to shorten it but if you need more info please just ask.

I lost custody of my child to the state in 2015 due to a mental breakdown and the state had it out for me. You think the state tries for reunification but not in my case and it probably didn’t help that I only had a public defender (lack of funds) they basically made me give up my rights or so I thought I’m not really sure.  I’ll admit at the time I was in an unhealthy relationship where I was being gaslighted every day and I just snapped. 
The other parent stepped in and won custody of our child. I believe they won custody around November 2015. 
The problem with this is the other parent is a really bad person. He sends me constant threatening and bragging emails, texts, and phone calls. Things like “I’ll make you pay” “Our child hates you and is going to kick your ass when they grow up” “You’re never going to see *childs name* again I’ll make sure of it” I can go on and on. This parent also uses Tumblr to make public posts, mostly with pictures of their deranged artwork, drugs, and psychotic rambling. I was informed he just got of jail a few days ago for malicious vandalism.  On top of a one month stay in the mental hospital last year. I honestly have no idea how he slipped by the system and got custody of her. 

Now, my life is one THOUSAND times better than it ever has been. I am working part time at a great job, I’m doing online classes for medical coding/billing which I’m set to become certified in three months granted I pass the state board tests. I’ve been taking great care of my mental wellbeing, I got on medication, I have biweekly therapy. Basically life is good. 
The ADVICE I’m seeking right now is - HOW do I file for custody for my child in CA, when I live in FL? I moved here in September of ‘16. I’ve asked lawyers here in FL and none of them can help me. All they told me is that I have to file for custody in the state my child lives in.  Unfortunately I don’t have the income to just fly out there without hurting my job/income and school work. 
I miss my child terribly. It’s the one thing that keeps me up at night. I feel so bad sometimes like I failed my child, you know? I fully admit that I ran away from a problem rather than trying to fight and fix it. I wasn’t in a very good condition at the time. I WANT to be in her life. I WANT to be her parent. I am extremely remorseful of what happened in the past. 

Help? 
"
"Legal issues regarding artist name Hi everybody.

I'm 18 years old and I live in Holland.
A couple of years ago I started a dubstep alias called ''Kadaver''.
It means carcass in dutch.
Just now, a band also called Kadaver posted a message on my Facebook wall saying: 

Forget your name and find another. We are KADAVER and our name is registered in the Patent and Trademark Office since 2006. THIS IS AN ADVICE.

I never even cared about getting patent on my name, however I did know there was another artist called Kadaver.
I couldn't find any of their recent music however, so I disregarded it.
Now I'm afraid I'm gonna lose the name I love so much, and my nickname made up by my father.
Will I get fucked over for this, or am I good to go?


"
"Advice on Probating an Estate in TX I'm looking for some advice on probating a near-worthless estate in TX. There was no will. There are two adult children, and no other apparent heirs. Neither ex-husband is interested in getting involved, or has any apparent right to. She died without a will, alone.  
&amp;nbsp;
Here's what we've done so far:
&amp;nbsp;

* Acquired lawyer to assist  
* Court has refused to open administration estate since, pending verification of heirship. We have a hearing scheduled for that.  
* We have accepted payouts from multiple life insurance policies that passed outside of probate.  

Questions:  
&amp;nbsp;

1. Given the nature of the debts (below) what, if anything could potentially come back on us at a later date if we were to wash our hands of the situation entirely, accept what we've already gotten as all that we will get, and walk away? (quit making the mortgage payments, fire the lawyer (pay what we owe him, but stop further progress), &amp; split out the personal effects (the contents of the storage unit)  
&amp;nbsp;

2. Once we have the heirship resolved and administration open, what happens, and how fast? We have been sitting on personal effects in a storage unit for months (and paying storage fees out of our pocket). Will everything have to be sold to close this out? How quickly can we make that process move?   
&amp;nbsp;

3. We've been paying out of pocket for the storage unit, lawyer, and property taxes on the rental house, and are currently out around $20,000. Is there any hope of recouping any of those funds through the probate process?    
&amp;nbsp;

4. Any advice on finding the 401k? The latest ppwk we could find is from early 2000s (before crash), listing it at about $40,000. We aren't sure if it even still exists, no one at that company (small, family-owned) is very helpful so far.  
&amp;nbsp;


Assets:  
1.Rental House (Market price 170k, however it needs massive renovation (probably 40-50k worth) issues due to bad renters years ago. Current tenant is a contractor doing repairs with the intent to buy the house at some future point.)  
2. Checking acct (balance of less than 7k)  
3. Personal effects, household stuff. No large appliances.  
4. A handful of  instruments worth $2-3,000  
5. Possible 401k.   

&amp;nbsp;

Debts:    
1. Credit Cards (multiple and large)  
2. Mortgage 1 (~$150,000)  
3. Mortgage 2 (~10,000?)  
4. Remaining lease on car (~1000)  

&amp;nbsp;

I'm sure I'm forgetting something useful, and the amounts are approximate. Please feel free to ask questions, I would love as much help as we can get. This is driving my anxiety through the roof, and costing all of us a lot of sleep.   

Thank you in advance.  

&amp;nbsp;

Edit: Formatting  "
"Landlord refusing to make building safer after burglary (CA) Hey r/legaladvice,

My building was recently broken into. The other tenants and I want the landlord to try to make the building safer and prevent this from happening again. Unfortunately, this guy's M-O is to spend the minimum amount of time and money on us required by law. Seriously, getting him to do ANYTHING is like pulling teeth. 

The landlord claims that the break-in isn't his responsibility because the tenant who got robbed left his window unlocked. He claims that our building is ""one of the safest in the neighborhood"", even though there's a very secluded, unlit, unsecured alley on one side that makes it easy to break into without being visible from the street. (That's how the burglar got in -- he climbed in an unlocked window which faces the alley). Also, there are no grilles on the windows, the front gate is broken, and the back door to the building tends to stay ajar unless you pull hard to shut it. 

We've asked him over and over to do something -- ANYTHING -- to make that alley less of a hazard to the tenants, but he refuses to even buy something as inexpensive as a motion-sensor light. Do I have any legal recourse here? 

PS - I'm in Berkeley CA if it matters."
"What steps do we need to take before moving to another state? My wife and I have been married for 10 years and we have a 14 year old from her previous marriage. My wife has sole legal custody of our son and his father has liberal visitations. I won’t go into the child support aspect because it is a joke and I don’t think it’s relevant to the question at hand. 

We live in Illinois. Approximately 7 years ago, the company I work for wanted to relocate me to Michigan. My wife asked her husband if we could work something out and he said it would be fine.  Just so there would be no funny business down the road, we filed for a court date and my wife, her ex-husband, and me all went in-front of the judge.  After telling the judge why we were there, she seemed to be confused as to why we were there if all parties agreed.  She signed the ruling that said we would move to Michigan with our son. 

In the meantime, the company went into the tank and I got laid off. I found another job in Illinois but 1.5 hours away and we moved. That was just over 5 years ago.  Since we moved my wife’s ex-husband has attempted to be much more demanding and controlling. He believes he has a right to spend at least every other weekend with his son and even goes as far as to say he can take us to court and demand that we drive our son the 3 hour round trip every weekend so he can see him because we are the ones that moved away. I know he is blowing smoke and this would not happen but it does get to my wife at times. 

One time when her ex was making his threats, I discussed this with a family attorney (in a social setting not a consultation) and asked what “liberal” visitation mean. He told me that it means whatever my wife decides it means and that there would be nothing to do unless her ex files a suit. He told me that he has no legal authority to do anything the way the custody agreement is written. 

Now, an opportunity has presented itself that I might have the opportunity to transfer to Missouri. This transfer would be beneficial to both my family and my career. I am wanting to know what we need to do, if anything, legally.  Our son is 14 and if he had to go in-front of a judge, there is absolutely zero doubt that he would say he wanted to stay with his mom and I. He does not have the bear relationship with his father and definitely feels like a pawn in some sort of game of control over his mother. 

Since we have a ruling to move to Michigan, does that mean we have to file for another court date and have a fight on our hands to move to MIssouri?  If so, what steps do we need to take?"
"So my dad is being pushed out of his job and he wants to open his own restaurant but his employer just called him today and she threatened legal action if we open a competing business We live in Virginia. Now I am aware that non-compete agreements exist but my dad never signed any contract or anything so I assume that it was a bluff but I don't wanna leave anything to chance. 


My question is does my dad need to be worried? 


My dad has always been afraid of legal action and has never taken any even when he had a legitimate reason to."
"MO- Need housing advice for 17 year old Nigerian girl I'm a little in over my head. I'm a college student living in house that currently has an open room for rent and after posting an ad for it we got a reply from a 17 year old Nigerian girl. She was just accepted to the college we all go to and needs housing, but she won't be able to sign the lease due to her being underage. She says she needs to be on the lease to declare legal residency and wants to send a copy to sign to her mother in Nigeria. 
She's just showed up on our doorstep with stayed with us the past two nights and we don't know what to do for her. Does this sound like it can be easily taken care of or should we dump her on the school for not securing her housing before she got here?"
"Possible outcomes for fraud and grand theft in VA. I know a friend who might face a handful of charges for a variety of fraudulent things that may or may not be related to buying gift cards , in the neighborhood of 5,000-7000$ worth. 
Just curious in the state of Virginia what would that look like for his potential outcome of sentencing. Like what could be some solid general ways it could play out in court."
Can my employer recollect paid wages due to dissatisfaction with my work? My employer is saying I haven’t been sufficiently productive for the hours I’ve been paid. My concern is whether they could potentially take me to court to recollect wages paid. I live in NC. Could this happen? If so, how would they prove I haven’t worked?
"Can I use a screenshot of my bank deposits as proof of income? the deposits say: "" [company name] employee I'd #### [my name]""


I want to get this in as soon as possible but my job is closed on the weekend so I want to know if this is okay"
"(VA) Looking to change employers while employed. Okay so excuse if this broken I am on mobile.

This past week I had a job interview with a prestigious company in my area that was hiring. Interview went well, said they were going to call me previous employers and run a background check. I agree to all. Fast forward to today, I go to work work is fine and finish the day. I get home and I receive a phone call for one of the other employees and it goes like this "" (m) wanted me to call you and tell you that you can come in sometime next week and drop off your uniforms and pick up your last check because you were looking for another job."" Is there any recourse that I can take? What if this future employer doesn't hire because of my background and I get letgo/fired from my current employer because I'm looking for financial stability and this job isn't providing it. Thanks"
"Minor/adult nudes &amp; sexting, who would get in trouble I live in Maryland. The age of consent here is 16 but I know things can get tricky when nude photos are involved so I need to ask about something.

While we were dating, my ex (18 years old at the time) sent me (16 at the time) nudes. I was uncomfortable with it but I just accepted it as a part of dating him. He wanted me to send him nudes in return, telling me it was no big deal, but I was afraid of potential legal issues. However I still sent him partially nude photos (like in my underwear).

My question is, can I press charges for the nudes he sent me? What about any sexting he'd done if I still have texts from him saved? Would I also get in trouble for the photos I sent him?"
"I suspect my business partner of fraud. Location Iowa:

I partnered with an accountant not long ago in a retail store, things aren't going to well, but we are making it work for now. She is primary with 51% and I am secondary with 49%. Long story short, she was refusing to release the books to me, so I asked the bank for a complete transaction record on our business accounts. I saw several transactions directly from our business account to the Department of Education which is for her daughter's tution. Is it fraud to use business funds like this for personal usage? 

Additionally, she was intentionally not collecting a check and disbursing her share to a business entity which she owns in order to keep collecting unemployment, this sounds like fraud as well.

Lastly, we had agreed that she would not sign checks for herself without my signature and I wouldnt sign checks for myself without her signature. However, there are several instances where she wrote checks for herself without my approval. 

Want to get an idea of my rights here, I'd like to take ownership of the company myself and have her gone. She doesn't want to walk away to protect her investment in the company. I'm looking for ways to buy her out, and in this case to force her out. "
"Company keeps trying to charge me after they told me I didn’t owe anything Sorry if any of this sounds naive or like a dumb question I don’t know a lot about the law when it comes to this. This is in the US the company is in TN but I’m living in VA now.

So back in 2019 I attended a chiropractors because I have some spinal issues but back in August 2019 due to me paying out of pocket and me being a working student I couldn’t afford it anymore so I decided to cancel my care and they audited my account to see what I owed. 

After they audited it they called me and never gave me the exact number but told me I had roughly three months of payments of $216 left before I was done, I guess it was my fault not asking for an exact number but I loved the company and didn’t think this would happen. So that would’ve meant I’d be paying 216 in September, October, and November. Well I’m December 2019 I received a full charge for 216 and called the company asking if I had made a mistake or what was happening and they profusely apologized saying they made a mistake and I only owed $90 and refunded me around $120 saying my account was closed now and I didn’t owe anything.

Well for the past 4 months I’ve being going back and forth with them at the beginning of every month when I get emails and calls saying my payments were declined (I switched banks after I thought I was done with payments) and that I still owed 263 (this month it was 216 though) and in January, February, and March they said it was a billing error and I didn’t owe anything yet last month they said I still owed them money but they were going to see what was going on and keep me updated, never heard from them again. I just got another email and call from their billing company saying I owe 216 And had to go through all this again reexplaining the situation to the billing company for the fourth or fifth time in a row.

I want to know if this could effect my credit and if it does if I have any legal standing against it since they’ve told me multiple times I don’t owe them anything but now all the sudden I do because I don’t want to pay since they’ve told me over 4 times I was done making payments yet now apparently I’m not. 

Sorry if it’s dumb and all I’m just extremely frustrated and due to the virus I don’t have a job atm and can’t pay regardless. I tried to be as detailed as possible I hope it helps."
"I was given eroneous information regarding my financial aid by my schools financial aid department that resulted in me dropping two courses I should not have. In a nutshell, my school didn't handle the transition to online courses for the Covid outbreak well at all. 

I was advised to contact financial aid about dropping courses to make sure it wouldn't affect me financially. 

Here is the email I sent. 

""To whom it may concern,

I am writing to confirm something I was just told by a nice lady in the financial aid department. If I drop courses by the end of the day, April 2nd 2020, I will not be charged for those courses. I just wanted to make sure this is the case, and if so I will be dropping both the history class and the political science class.""

Here is the response I was sent: 

""This is correct. If you withdraw today or any time after today, you will be past 60% attendance for the spring semester and **will not have any billing to your financial aid.**""

I enrolled for some summer classes but was told I was maxed on my financial aid for the year. ""That's weird."" I thought. I reached out again to the head of the financial aid department and I was told that I am not receiving a refund for the two courses I dropped, and I am still responsible to repay those loans. 

By all accounts I am absolutely still on the hook for those classes. 

What are my options here? 

I've also got a problem where one of my teachers literally stopped teaching the class for the remainder of the semester, and I'm considering taking legal action against them for this as well. I didn't get what I paid for, and I feel like I was lied to. The head of the financial aid department has already told me they would have answered my question the same way and I'm just so frustrated they think me not getting a refund and having to repay the loans is somehow *not* being billed for them.

This is in Tennessee, btw."
"Military Diversion Program? Throwaway account. I’m a military vet and have been out of the service for about a year. I’m being charged with misdemeanor battery in California. My household makes too much to qualify for public defender so they judge gave me info on this program. I do not want it to be some sort of plea/bargain program as I want to plead not guilty since the incident was self defense. 

Sorry to be so broad but any info or input about the military diversion program would be greatly appreciated. I’m not finding out too much about it online and the person from the  veterans service office is out of office for a few weeks. Just wanting to know more about military diversion or if I should look into hiring an attorney. Thanks in advance. "
"Eviction with no rent or lease I live at one of my dad's houses rent free and without a lease. He gave us an ""eviction notice"" on a non notarized grocery list paper. He said we have 30 days to evacuate (hes retaliating against my DH). Does he have to give us a notarized eviction notice? Is his grocery list eviction enough legally? Can we wait that period of time then ask for an official notarized eviction notice. The house is partially abandoned and we are the only ones who live hear most of the year. If we were tenants I dont think the house would be fit to rent. We live in FLORIDA and would like advice asap please."
"Parking ticket processing has been on hold since January 2020 I got a parking ticket back in 2019 and submitted a written trial by declaration. The officer also submitted their declaration but now it's been stuck at this status since January:

01/2020 Trial By Dec Submitted to Judicial Officer for Review

Wondering if there's any further action I should take? Didn't get anything in the mail."
"How can we get the town to install a highway noise barrier? We live by a very busy highway in NJ. Our baby is stirred awake at all times of the day and night by loud trucks and motorcycles and we have had enough. 

We have brought our complaint to our town meetings quite a few times but our neighbors who do not live right next to the highway adamantly refuse to allow any barrier to go up, arguing that traffic would increase inside the town. I am trying to get my home ready to sell in the near future as well, but I have been told that my property value has suffered and interested buyers back out when they realize how loud it is. I would like to bring my complaint to the state but I don’t know if I need a lawyer for this process."
Tenant moving out with abandoned items My ex-roommate moved out without notice on 12/3 without paying rent for the month. I have held her items and furniture through the month without her coming to get them. I told her on 12/24 that she needs to come get her things when I get back to the apartment on 12/30-12/31 by 6 pm. I told her I am not a storage unit and have been more than accommodating by holding her things, but i need to show her room to other potential roommates. She says she has atleast 30 days to get all of her stuff out of the apartment. 30 days is 1/1, which is one day after my time frame. I’ve given her the past three weeks with free reign to get her things. Including her making me wait until 2-3am on her, in which she still doesn’t show up to collect her things. My question is, I’m the lease holder at the apartment, she left without notice and without paying rent, what legal rights does she have to hold over me if I put her stuff out on the curb since i’ve been holding it for the past 29 days? I did not evict her or force her out in anyway. I just would like to know if I have any legal power to get rid of her stuff earlier than specified because she is attacked me and my family because of it.
"Mental Health Accommodation So I started working for a company in January and they are a great company. However we all got sent to work from home once Illinois has its shelter in place rules set. I have bipolar disorder, PTSD, and severe anxiety. I have been having panic attacks the closer I get to thinking about being back in office. I have anxiety with regular office day to day let alone one where I’m forced to wear a mask and have temperature checks. So I talked to my psychiatrist about it. He said he would write me a note stating for my well being that I remain work from home until the entire state is free to open and some form of normalization has returned. He said it shouldn’t be an issue since for the last three months it’s been proven that not only can my job be done completely from home but that I have been trained to do most of my job duties remotely unlike anyone else at the company that had worked months or years in office I worked 28 days in office and have been remote since. I talked to my boss about it today and she seemed really upset, and told me I would have to talk to her supervisor and HR and have a note and that it would probably not happen but I can try. 

Do they have an obligation to accommodate me or can they say if I don’t work from the office I won’t be able to work for them?"
"MO Labor Question So I’m a counselor that has some on call duties. At the start of my employment, I could subtract my on call hours, from my regular hours. Meaning if I got called out in the middle of the night, I could sleep in. Originally, they said we could flex our time, as long as we worked 5 hours a day.... Then they changed it to 8. So, I have tried to look up the legality of this in MO. 

Also, I’m not considered except,  because I don’t make the $900/wk, as a salaried worker. So I’m mad. 

What do you guys think?"
"Found a pedophile posting lewd acts with minors on his Twitter profile, how do I get him arrested? This really irks me to type because of the sensitive nature of the topic but this person deserves to be put behind bars for the intentional harm that he's caused.

I stumbled upon a Twitter account that posts recording of themselves engaging in lewds acts with minors on random video chat apps.

How do I get them arrested? Their account seems to be Indonesian based on their posts language. I tried reporting to Cybertip Report but nothing has happened, and if I report his Twitter profile, he will just create a new account and reupload the content. And he still has copies of his acts on his mobile and computing devices."
"Bank gave 5k in cash to an un-authorized signer of our business account. The thief is getting arrested with grand theft, can we win a civil case against the bank? Florida So our receptionist of 2 months would make daily deposits to our bank, rarely would she take out any cash if ever. with any of our other employees (all Hispanic and speak little English) when they would have a check from us they will call us to make sure that this is correct... when it’s written out to them.

Our receptionist told my mother (business owner) that my dad said one of our employees needed a check for reimbursement or something, I wasn’t there, but basically a lie. 

My mom signed the front thinking it would be written to the employee but the receptionist printed it as 5k petty cash to the business. She endorsed the check although she is not an authorized signer and got the cash. 

The bank said they don’t have to call us or anything to do this. Is that correct? Anyone can come in with any checks signed to anyone and just endorse it and cash it?"
(ME, US) Traffic violation/misdemeanor I was umemployed for awhile, so my car got barely any use. I let the registration and inspection go pretty far overdue. After getting a job, I wanted to buy a new car, so I held off on fixing it and getting it inspected. Basically just drove it to work. Got pulled over, didn't have proof of insurance on me, so got a ticket for both things and was told not to drive that car anymore. I rushed to get the new car (bought from a friend) and had to start driving it to work before it was fully legal. I used the plates from my old car on it, and since it was only going to be for a week or so before I had my paycheck and could register it, I though I would be fine. I had been told by a friend that temp plates weren't given out in maine, and I stupidly let it slide and didn't bother double checking. I figured a few hours in the car would be no big deal. I wasn't able to find someone else to drive me, the bus didn't run early enough in the morning, and I couldn't afford a taxi. Got pulled over again the day before I could cash my paycheck and register it, got a ticket and court day for a misdemeanor, for attaching false plates. Is there anything I can do? And how bad is a misdemeanor on my record? 
"Appeal Launched Against My Unemployment-Should I Be Worried? Hello everyone;

I've recieved a notice for a hearing taking place four days from now and just need to wrap my head around some concepts/have some questions answered. I greatly appreciate it in advance.

During the Covid layoffs, I was working as a substitute teacher for two districts, and as a server, all of which I was unable to return to and which kickstarted me on filing for unemployment. 

As part of the process, it asked me to put in my full employment history, so I stuck in my history roughly as below, noting that my current unemployment status was due to Covid.

-Pizza place, part time, Feb 1, 2019 to March 14, 2020
-Asian Restaurant, part time, August 2019 through February, 2020
-Both Substitute places, part time August 2019, through March 14, 2020
-School district where I last worked full time, August 2016-June 5 2019.

In none of these do I recall stating that I was let go of anything besides my own open resignation.

So, just before I recieved my benefits, the school district I had previously worked for full time appealed  the decision that I was eligible for unemployment, without much notice or any type of hearing on my part, and it was determined I was eligible under a rationale and conclusion I don't full understand:

Rationale: NO SCHOOL WAGES SINCE 3RD QUARTER 2019
Conclusion: BASE PERIOD WAGES-SCHOOL WAGES-NO REASONABLE ASSURANCE

So I've been recieving benefits for a few months now, and just got a pamphlet in the mail that I must attend a hearing, and the school district notes that I left without good cause as grounds for this secondary appeal.

So my main questions here are
*Why when I put my entire employment history as it stated to did they choose a job three or so jobs back, rather than current?
*Is this my fault? Did I do something wrong here that I am misunderstanding? I followed the system to the letter and just assumed the system was working as it should be with the info I provided.
*What are the potential ramifications of this appeal and what information should I have ready and presentable?

Again, I appreciate you all in advance! This is all very new and confusing to me."
"Condominium booting vehicles illegally (NJ) I had my vehicle booted in my condominiums parking garage back in late October 2017. It seems they decided to “crack down” on making sure every vehicle had a ticket or proper decal. It was a bit odd since the only way in or out of the parking garage is having security check your decal or to check in with security for a visitors pass or to pay for the pass when exiting and they have the gate lifted so you can exit. 

The decals were switched over to newer stickers and because we aren’t the owners, (we rent) we did not receive the forms directly. They had placed a boot on my boyfriend’s vehicle for having the WRONG sticker, even though his decal was current and he pays monthly for parking. They then stated they charge a $250 boot fee to remove. We worked our way out of that one. 

Several days later, the booted mine for having an invalid decal. They had always seen my decal when I come in or out and no one ever said anything. I’m not arguing I was in the wrong. However, to get my car out I had to pay a $250 boot removal fee which is outrageously high. I spoke to someone in the office and complained and question the legality of it due to the New Jersey Predatory Towing Act, which states that they are not allowed to boot or tow vehicles without having properly placed signage which the building did not. 

The sign requirements in NJ are very specific and must be placed at all entrances. The parking garage did not have the correct signs at any entrance to the parking garage. The law also states they are not allowed to charge a boot removal fee. The law seemed a bit unclear at least to me on whether they could boot vehicles at all. From what I read, they could boot due to unpaid association dues, but not just for a parking violation. They also could request payment of unpaid dues to remove the boot, but not a fee to remove the boot. 

The same day I spoke to them and questioned legality and said I’d speak with the police and consumer affairs before paying $250, they had my vehicle towed. The notice left on the car with the boot said nothing about the vehicle getting towed if not paid and neither did anyone I spoke with in the office or I would have just paid it. The tow company whom I also advised didn’t have the right to tow the car, told me that the condominium told him I had unpaid bills. 

He also then told me he would not let me get my car because he didn’t like the way I went about it. The law also states that they must provide reasonable accommodation to get the vehicle back. Tow company was open 7 days a week but according to the tow truck owner, because he didn’t like me, it wasn’t open for me. 

I ended up paying my tow fee, never paid condominium directly for boot fee and as far as I know my bill was for towing and storage only. 

I parked months getting a visitors tag without a problem. I rarely leave and the few times I have I’ve taken my boyfriends car. I just had some stuff going on so I was bed ridden for a little while. Today I notice that once again I have a boot on my vehicle. The notice just says, “other- parked over 2 months, see accounting.” 

After last time, I made sure to photograph every sign in the garage, the rules of the garage, they even have violations you can get a boot on your car on the same paper that was left on my vehicle. Not any of them say anything about a time limit. I’d understand a warning telling me I have to move the car or get another tag, but nothing. 

The tag itself does not have an expiration date and again I’m not quite sure what is the violation. Again, $250 boot removal fee. They have not added the appropriate signs per New Jersey private towing laws, and I’ve documented serious problems within this building. Such as dryers that have no heat, all washing machines broken in laundry room, water pouring down in parking garage, I’m talking HUGE flood on one of the coldest days, leading to icy conditions in the parking garage never salted, elevators out of service, mall within complex flooded, etc. 

It infuriates me they have the nerve to require $250 to remove a boot with violations they seem to be making up as they go. How do you hand out a violation and the violations listed for reasons to boot a vehicle doesn’t list that item? It doesn’t say they can boot at their discretion. With all the things falling apart here and the dangerous conditions of the garage, where do they even put this money. 

None of this has anything to do with the simple fact that they are violating New Jersey laws according to the Predatory Towing act. I submitted back in October to Consumer Affairs and never heard back. The police were sympathetic to my situation and told me they get calls often about what this place does, but their isn’t much they can do. 

I’m not sure what my options are. I want to hold them accountable. They shouldn’t be allowed to run wild and charge people $250. I mean, they were booting vehicles and charging $250 to people who were PAYING to park. No warning notice, just straight to the boot. How can they continue to do this? 

I’m aware I’ve had my car here a while, but I had the proper tag, I smoke so I run out to my car and smoke everyday. Never have I ever had any sort of warning or notice telling me to... I don’t know, am I supposed to get a new one every so often? Is there a limit to how long I can park here? Do I have to pay someone else for parking? I’m not even sure what the problem is. 

The rates are posted and again nothing says a time limit to parking. They also mark what apartment building you’ll be on when you park so the number is clearly listed there for anyone to find out or to contact us regarding the vehicle.

I want them to have to do things the right way. The nerve to charge $250 for boot removal against the law is ridiculous. I don’t know about some people, but I know for a lot of people living here $250 is a lot of money. To be blindsided by suddenly seeing a boot on your car sucks. If I complain to them, I know they’ll tow my vehicle again. 

I’ve got photographs of every entrance, every sign, copies of the rules, copies of the violations, recorded phone call between tow truck company and myself from last time. I’ve made sure to document everything. 

I never heard back from consumer affairs and I just really want some help in making these people do the right thing and go about it the right way. I admit to looking for a way out of the fee last time, and this time I’m not even sure what I did. But regardless of whether I’m the jerk or not doesn’t change the fact that they have to follow the law. 

If I had a ticket left on my car to pay them, I’d pay it. But they aren’t charging for violations at all. From last time, all I had to do was pay $250 and get the boot taken off and I was free to go. It seems like a money making scheme. 

Any help on legal options I’d appreciate it. I’m not sure how to go about getting them to realize they have to follow the law. Then and the tow truck driver last time towed 4 other vehicles days after mine who were guilty of having the old style sticker. 

Which means, they paid for parking every month, they just didn’t have the new sticker. They were more than likely preparing to fight the boot removal fee and were towed. I gathered as much from my conversation with the tow truck guy. Harassing residents and tenants who live here with no regard to the fact that they are paying you monthly is ridiculous. 

It’s the exact reason why NJ has the law to prevent Predatory Towing behaviors such as these. Without consumer affairs, I don’t know how to get it through they aren’t following the law and therefore do not have the right to conduct tows or boots or boot removal fees as they are doing. 

If I’m also somehow interpreting the law wrong I’d be happy to know I’m wrong. Definitely don’t want to look a fool. I consulted a forum a while back who stated I was right. Based solely on the fact they did not have the appropriate signs at every entrance with the listed fees and correct size. 

Thank you to anyone reading. 

TLDR
Condominium association booting vehicles in private parking garage and charging $250 boot removal fee for parking violations. No charge for violations and not booting for unpaid dues. Violations aren’t listed as reasons to boot and garage does not have correct signs according to NJ Predatory Towing Act. How to enforce they follow the law and take boot off without fee? "
"Employer is not paying me my proper, agreed upon wage. Asked them to fix it, but have gotten nowhere in the last four months Location: Tennessee

I began working for a restaurant four months ago.  I've had a slew of problems so I'm currently looking for new employment. However, I've had issues with my paycheck since I started that I would like to resolve before I leave since I know it'll just exacerbate the problem if I leave the company. 

When I joined the company, I was told I would make 9 dollars an hour. My onboarding paperwork that includes my employment agreement also shows that I am supposed to make 9 an hour. However, since i started, I've only made 8 an hour. My pay stubs show 8 an hour as well. I've repeatedly brought this up to managers and area reps and have constantly gotten the same cookie cutter 'we'll look into it and let you know soon' answer for months now. The money I'm owed is now getting to around 600 dollars which while not a ton of money, is to me. I already live paycheck to paycheck and only have 10 dollars in my account, so getting the money I'm owed would go a long way in my life. 

Are there any free resources I could use in cases like this? I can't afford a lawyer, nor do I think one would be necessary for 600 in unpaid wages."
"My employer pays me on PayPal and doesn't provide benefits even though I work a salaried position Hi all, 

This is my first reddit post so please forgive me for any reddit etiquette errors. 

My friend has been working a job for 2 years. The owner of the company employs a handful of people and pays him via PayPal. He receives no tax forms and has to file taxes on his own from PayPal statements. Therefore, he is not a W2 employee.  His job is office work and normal hours are 8 AM-5 PM.  However, he often has to work late with no notice.  They don't respect personal time and suddenly demands weekends are required. His boss even made him drop everything on a Sunday afternoon and immediately fly several hours across the country to retrieve a suitcase he left in the airport lobby. If he didn't go, he was fired. They provide 4 days of PTO each year, but his request was denied for a vacation in 2019.  His boss said that since he didn't take vacations, my friend doesn't need to either. Since the pandemic started, many of his job duties are not needed at this time (booking flights for boss, etc.).  He didn't hear from his manager for weeks and no level of expectation was set for what he should be doing at work now. His boss finally called him today and said they need him to step up or they'll let him go.  He has been threatened to be fired several times and he said his boss calls him stupid. The boss has many reviews online for poor business practice, evading taxes, etc. 

&amp;#x200B;

What legal action could my friend take in this situation? Can his boss force him to work a set schedule, come in on weekends and work overtime (unpaid overtime) without classifying him as a W2 employee?   Can he be fired for refusing to take a plane to pick up his boss' lost suitcase on a whim? How would he proceed with filing these complaints? Could he get compensation back for wrongfully being forced to pay self-employment taxes? 

&amp;#x200B;

My friend has allowed himself to be walked over and taken advantage of here so long he doesn't know where to start.

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you in advance!!"
I went to an urgent care out of network. What should I do? 22, TX. About a month ago, I cut my hand open pretty badly. I panicked and was on the verge of passing out and wasn’t thinking straight, and let my boyfriend take me to a random urgent care and didn’t think to check if I was in network. Well come around and I have a $5,900 bill &amp; i can’t pay that. I lost my job in March &amp; haven’t been able to get a job since (pandemic). What do I do? I am freaking out &amp; have never had $6000. I have not made money in months besides unemployment but I only got enough to barely cover my bills. Please someone help me I don’t know what do to
When is the line drawn between murder and self-defense? Like what does someone have to do for me to know that i am self defending at all costs? does it need to be a life/death scenario? is it self defense if its a bar fight?
"Online Harassment So I’m being harassed online. This person knows me and has created a fake account to basically copy/paste what I post and edit his post to slander me. This is the same guy 5 years ago who would photoshop my wedding pictures involving my wife. He’s written on a former employers Facebook page defacing my name. 

I went to the police once and I honestly think they just threw away my complaint once I left. Now that this is happening again, and word about it is running through town, legally, in Kansas, what can I do? I have no idea who this person is but they know me. TIA"
"Want to sell handmade goods online. Do I need business a license? [USA, MO] Can't seem to find an answer anywhere without paying someone $100 (local lawyer consultation, legalzoom, etc) to find out simply if I need business licences or not. 

For a fictitious example, if my gramma made cross stitch art and sold them here and there, and set up a website, not ebay or etsy, but rather a dedicated grammascrossstitches(dot)com, but only made a handful of sales in a year, would she need one?

I make a niche product for a small community. The interest is small, the income is nominal if any, and its really just a hobby that I'd like to share the outcome with others. 

I bought a website and set up an e-store but do not know exactly what side of the fence I stand on. The project is low volume, small batch, will likely make less than $1000 a year, if even that, and considering that the majority of that is getting eaten up by domain fees, this is not a profit maker. I dont want to have to invest in things I do not need to operate in compliance. 

just trying to get my ducks in a line and there seems to be no clear answers here. Can anyone shed some light on my situation?"
"traffic court adjournment in NJ four times i have shown up on my court date to fight what i consider the most idiotic traffic ticket ever. the fine is only $106 and there is no points on my licence but it is such a slam dunk no brainier false ticket that i want to fight it.

every time i speak to the prosecutor who wants me to plead guilty and is confused when i refuse. then we go before the judge and he adjourns the case because the prosecutor never told the state trooper to attend because he assumed i would plead guilty. then i am assigned a new court date in the mail. rinse and repeat.

coming up will be my fifth time attempting to settle this case in front of a judge and i feel like i am in some sort of never ending groundhog day loop.

the last time there i asked that we go forward or dismiss the case. however that annoyed the judge and he ignored me.

what can i do to finally have my case heard in court?

can i subpoena the state trooper?

is there a limit to how many times this can be postponed?"
"Friend's family potentially commited unemployment fraud, need help A certain parent(1) of a person(2) signed for unemployment, and they(2) had only been going to job training through the state. (2) has received her unemployment money and the card, which is retroactive payment, but is uncertain of the legality of this situation. They have not been employed before, and were not employed in any capacity before or during this pandemic. We live in Michigan. My questions are:

1. Is the money that (2) received through unemployment legal?

2. Is there a way for (2) to return the money to unemployment, and not be punished in any way?

3. Will there be any punishment for (1), for filing possibly illegal unemployment information?

Thank you all, and I will get (1) to call an unemployment office soon."
"Auto Accident Thanksgiving just received registered mail today Lawyer suing me Location: **FLORIDA**.  Accident happened in **TUSCALOOSA ALABAMA**.


I am posting for my Husband who was in Tuscaloosa AL for Thanksgiving visiting his children for the holidays.  I wasn't there.  Here is his his version:

""I was stopped at a red light in traffic on XXXXX in Tuscaloosa.  The light turned green and traffic ahead started moving when the vehicle ahead of me suddenly stopped.  My reaction was too slow to brake in time to avoid rear ending her vehicle.  I immediately got out to check on her.  She starting apologizing profusely while I was asking if she was OK.  She confirmed she was fine but was so sorry to cause me to hit her.  She was on the phone to her father at this time and I asked her to please call the police as I was from out of town and she said she would.


After the police arrived we were again asked if anyone was hurt and we both said we were fine and they asked us to move our vehicles .  Her parents arrived at about the same time as the police. The young lady walked around for approximately 30 minutes during the police reports and seemed physically fine and mentally fine as she was smiling and talking freely about this being her first accident.   We gave our information to the police and departed."" 

(I don't know that it's relevant but he was driving a 2016 Toyota Tundra 1994 Edition so she might have noticed it and thought $$.) 

He called me later that day and told me about the accident and I said send me the pictures and **he didn't take any.  I know!**  I said that's the first thing you do when you get in an accident is **TAKE PICTURES!**

The damage to his truck looked minor but turned out to be major because once they got into it it involved all kinds of front end work and hood replacement and stuff like that.  That's just the way the **USAA certified repair shop works**.  They don't just bang it back into place, they completely replace it and when you are talking about a 2016 Toyota Tundra, it gets *expensive* for some reason.  Just a headlight is ungodly expensive to replace when they do it.  

**SO..Fast forward to today and the Certified Letter**

**This is not a fly by night Lawyer's Office unfortunately.  He has 14 days to respond or judgement to default**

She is suing him for the damage to her car, the Rental Car and Pain and Suffering. **Monetary Award Requested**  Amount to be determined.  **??**

I have questioned him over and over tonight trying to make sense of this.  He said they were at a green light going forward and she slammed on brakes and he hit her.  And then I told him it goes into a he said/she said situation.  She apologized ""I'm so sorry"" ""I'm fine"" and that was it until today.  

**Do we turn it over to USAA or hire a Lawyer?  tick tock**

Forgot to add: The Lawyer's office has him in the document as

**2) an individual under the age of 19 and a resident of Tuscaloosa County Alabama.**

Uh, my husband is 70+ and we live in Florida. Like he told her when he asked her to call the Police because he didn't have any local phone numbers. I guess he didn't think 911 wouldn't work there.







"
Moving A Child Out of State (Oklahoma) My boyfriend has a 3 year old daughter currently residing in Oklahoma. He is her custodial parent and she visits her mother on weekends. They are 2 years into a custody battle where he is seeking full custody of his daughter. The mother is mentally unstable (threatens suicide with a history of self harm. Previously resided in a mental hospital for a suicide attempt). She was court ordered a psych evaluation which came back with multiple diagnosis including major depressive disorder. Recently, the child tested positive for meth at the hospital after being around her grandmother. He received a job offer in California that could potentially change our lives for the better and provide a great opportunity for our family. (We have a 2 month old daughter together and all of my family is in California where we would be moving to) However, an attorney has advised that the likelihood of us being able to relocate with the child, even with her being able to visit her mother frequently (i.e. school breaks/holidays), would be slim to none. Anyone familiar with these situations and have any advice/recommendations on how we could go about being able to relocate?
Trespassing at public library My daughter was in the library she was playing music on her phone. Then the librarian kicked her out. She ran out of the building. A few hours later she walked back in to get her 10 year old brother and the librarian called the police and pressed and is pressing charges for trespassing. Now the cops keep harassing me telling me to bring her down to the station last friday the officer came to my house shining his flash light in all of the windows. He told me over the phone today to bring her to the station tonight by 7:30 or he will go to her school and get her tomorrow. What should i do?
"Custody: mother won't accept child support, refuses to let us see daughter. TL;DR - husband's ex-wife refuses to accept child support, refuses to let us see daughter, what do we do?

My husband has a 4 year old daughter with his ex-wife. They divorced while he was in prison and from what he tells me he had no say in the custody agreement because of that (not knowing when/if he'd get parole/released), he has no papers from the divorce so I haven't been able to read through any of the legal documents or anything to get a better understanding of the situation. 

When we got married she started refusing to accept child support payments and started refusing to let us have their daughter on our weekends. She won't answer phone calls and doesn't reply to texts. This has been going on for 4 months now. The last time he drove to her residence she had him trespassed. A couple of weeks ago she finally text him and told him that if he wanted to see their daughter he would have to meet her somewhere she picked and that I was not allowed anywhere near the little girl. My husband is wary of meeting her alone, anywhere, because past behaviors of hers and attempts of getting him arrested which would violate his parole and send him back to prison. 

What do we do? We just want to see our girl. It's killing my husband. Do we automatically get a lawyer? Do we go to the courthouse and petition her to go to court?

We've honestly been dealing with a lot of anonymous drama for the last couple of months and it has reached my workplace. I can't prove it's her behind anything but there's nobody else I can think of that would want to get us to separate or for me to lose my job."
"USA: Cloud Storage/Online File Hosting: Who is liable for the data? Uploader or Host? Hypothetically, if I started a cloud hosting company where I would sell storage space to my customers like Google Drive or Amazon S3. If a bad user decided to upload illegal material (let's go straight for the jugular, something abhorrent, like child pronography or an ISIS video).

**The Question:**   
Would I be liable for legal recourse by the US Gov, since the 1's and 0's of that data are sitting on a hard-drive that I own, even though I didn't but the data there? 

This must be a real-world legal problem since Amazon, Google and Microsoft are sat on petabytes of data and they don't know exactly what all of that data actually is.

I must stress this is entirely hypothetical. I'm just curios how tech law works in this area. If anyone can recommend any books or other resources I can use to brush up on this topic that would be"
Let go due to CV-19 Hey I was just fired at my new job for not meeting the probationary period (400 hours). I only got in about 100. Due to me having possible Covid 19 symptoms (I also have epilepsy, I'm medicated but still have frequent seizures) and my grandfather tested positive (was in the ICU, he's out now and MUCH better), as well as 2 other family members. I was quarantined due to doctor's recommendation and also the employers recommendation, due to it being a healthcare facility for individuals with developmental disabilities. I even got 2 tests done (first test was a N/a due to a leak lolok) I was excused from work maybe 5 weeks ago with doctor's orders and went back about 2 weeks ago. Everything was fine at work until today my supervisor brought me a letter that said I was qualified for benefits, and that I had a meeting with him and HR in 30 minutes. I thought okay cool, I'm getting insurance finally. Nope. They said that due to some HR code they have to terminate me because I was absent so much and didn't make it to the average hours during the probationary period. Is this legal? I understand their policy, but due to this Coronavirus situation I would assume there is some sort of legal protction? If i was quarantined, how was I able to get that amount of hours??? They even okayed it when I informed them that my doctor told me what to do. Luckily I have my side job still, but still this hits me hard especially because it was a job I was REALLY interested in and I was actually enjoying it.
"I feel Divorce is my only option. I(29F) have been married to my husband (30M) for 4 years this coming September. We have 2 daughters, a 2 year old and a 6 month old. 

I feel I am at my wits end and I feel depleted of all my energy. My husband is and always has been an alcoholic. My perception changed on things once I got pregnant with our 2 year old and ever since my 3rd trimester of pregnancy with her life has been nothing but a struggle within my marriage. 

My husband and I get into horrific arguments and there’s so much verbal and emotional abuse I can’t take it anymore. Mostly on his side, but I’ve said some not so nice things as well. There are closets and doors from him punching or throwing something at them all throughout our house. 

He has threatened suicide plenty times and the last time I finally called the cops because I was beside myself and when the dispatched police came in to our home they saw the air fryer he’d broken and other stuff strewn on the floor, I felt utterly ashamed with my two children there. To my surprise they did not take a report. I will be 100% honest in that part of me decided to call to make an official record of what happened. 

He does not want to go to therapy and does not want to seek true help for his drinking. I should mention, he drinks in private it is NEVER in front of me or the kids. Usually if I leave to the grocery store for an house I’ll come back to a completely inebriated husband. We need marriage counseling which he does not continue with as he always finds an issue with whomever is assigned to us. 

I feel like this is the tip of the iceberg really. So much crap has gone on. 

We rent a condo from his parents and they have lots of money. He always throws in my face that nothing -none of this- is mine but rather it’s his. Honestly, I don’t even care. I want none of it. 

Here’s my dilemma. My girls mean the world to me and it’s not okay for them to be exposed to this. I’ve tried to communicate that and he agrees but alas, the cycle continues. He has drank while watching them before and it’s scares the hell out of me. I fear something happening to them or him or him getting in the car while under the influence.. the list goes on. Sadly, our two year old seems to get an attitude with me even though my husband is the aggressor in our fights (not saying I’ve never yelled back) she just seems to favor him even though he yells at her. It breaks my heart. 

As much as I want them to have a relationship with their father I do not want to split custody and fear I don’t have a choice. I don’t have much money and my in laws have lots of money I’m sure they’d spend on whatever he needed to make his case. 

I don’t know where to start or what to do. I feel so defeated. Can anyone help? Please. Thank you."
"Children being intentionally kept from mom &amp; oldest sibling (TX) I'm going to keep this as vague as possible due to certain circumstances involved. My oldest child (18) &amp; I are &amp; have been trying to get in contact with my ex. He has the 2 youngest kids &amp; hasn't let us see them in almost 4 years. He ignored texts &amp; calls, pleas to see them, made numerous excuses as to why we can't visit, cancelled several planned visits at the last minute, &amp; more recently changed his number so we can't reach him anymore. We know his address, he's a few hours away, but we don't dare just show up there, he's been violent towards us in the past &amp; we know he has weapons at his home. The older of the 2 kids started high school this year, we know they have a phone &amp; an Instagram account. My oldest attempted to send them a message on there &amp; got blocked very quickly. We suspect that the other parent intervened before they could see it. Point is, we've tried multiple ways of attempting to contact them without just showing up unannounced for our safety. I'm willing to do just about anything at this point, short of doing what I think might get me killed, we're desperate &amp; heartbroken. There is no formal custody agreement in place, never was. The verbal agreement we had between us in the beginning he obviously didn't hold up his side, in fact, quite the opposite happened.

I know that I should seek legal counsel, I fully intend to as soon as I can, I'm searching right now. In the meantime, is there any way I can legally get in touch with my children? Is there anything I'm not thinking of? My oldest suggested writing to the counselor at the high school where one of the kids attends, explaining the situation &amp; asking to pass on a message or a letter to that child. Is that legal? Is that possible? Are they required to keep that in confidence or can they pass that information onto the other parent? Please, help us."
"Car Accident in Texas First sorry if this is the wrong place to post this &amp; thank you for reading! 

I was involved in a minor (cosmetic) accident that led to the bumper and side of my car being replaced. The other persons insurance paid for my repairs and rental while my car was getting fixed.  They accepted full responsibility.

Now 6 months later I was looking to trade in my car and this issue came up, the dealership I was at said that that due to accident, albeit minor, it devalued the car more than usual. (It’s a sports car) 

The sales man told me to look into diminished value to recoup some money, before trading it. From my understanding this what an insurance company pays after an accident to make up the difference between good condition and involved in an accident. 

My question is, how do you request this? And am I still within the time frame to apply for it or is it too late? 

I’ve search and there is very little info on this. Any who’s done this can I get some guidance? Also, the car was not totaled. 

Thank you!"
"Jurisdiction I just moved to Ok with the kids weed is legal here. Got served by un wed baby daddy. He filed legitimation and custody rights.
 Court is back in Ga, weed is not legal. 
He has ordered drug tests. 

My concern:
If I test positive will they take into consideration that I've been in a weed legal state? Or will their law be enforced regardless because it's in their jurisdiction?

If I fail this will it kill my custody case?"
"Can my car remain insured in my home state (MN) if I move to California? Please Help I recently moved to California from Minnesota, and brought my car with me.

Technically, my parents own the car, they pay the insurance as well. I would like to get a California driver's license, but my parents would prefer to keep the car insured through a Minnesota agency (insurance is cheaper there) We're afraid if I change my license it will force me to get new insurance as well.

I believe the law says I must change my license within 10 days of moving, and must change my insurance within 20 days (from CA DMV website). However, If my parents are technically the owners of the car and are the insurance holders, I feel that they are independent of my license status. 

To summarize, I would like to receive a California driver's license while keeping my car (technically owned by my parents back in MN) registered with my parent's insurance. Is this possible/legal? 

Any assistance on this issue is greatly appreciated, Thank you"
Probation I am in on probation and attending outpatient.  At outpatient my counselor gives me some time to take a urine and I am able to do it everytime but at probation they don’t give me much time to take a urine and my probation officer is trying to violate me. I work full time go to a dr andpsychologist and meetings. My counselor will do anything he can to help me stay out of jail. Should I be worried? My p.o is transferring to another part of the county I am in mee York is there any reason to be nervous of going to jail or do you guys think I will be ok.  Iam 10 months clean and my life is a million times better probabtion is ruining my life even though I did nothing wrong it’s not my fault my body isn’t letting me pee idk what to do.
Does this constitute police harassment? First let me set the backstory, I’ve been talking to a girl from a small town near me for about a week we met on tinder and one day she texts me to come over(we are both 18) well on the way to this small town like 15 mins away I get pulled over on a dark AF and empty road going 10 over the speed limit the officer gives me my ticket I apologize and said it wouldn’t happen again well behold the second I go into this small town a new cop is tailing me so I turn down a different street to kinda lose him (I know it’s stupid but his brights being on the entire time was ticking me off) so for about 10 mins for me to find this girls house I park in the back alley, and sneak into her room (she lives separated from the house of her parents) NOT EVEN 20 mins go by we hear a pounding on her door so I dip and hide in the closet well turns out a officer saw my truck in the alley and saw me go into the separated building and thought it seemed suspicious so he goes and knocks on the main house door and tells the parents so long story short I get kicked out I’m ticked off I have a ticket and just got yelled at by the parents I see the cop leaving he says nothing to me while he pulls out so I just say fuck it and go home but on my way out of the town I was tailed yet again until I left the town but not even a couple miles a new car appears behind me I’m going 60 in a 70 just Because I knew the other cop was going be ahead in this dark ass road and that’s when his lights get flashed and I get pulled over again for to dim of a license plate light  and I told the cop sir I’ve already been stop given a ticket can I pls go home he then said can I see your license and insurance so we go through the whole ordeal again and he gave me a warning about the license plate light so anyway there’s the story on how I got a ticket,yelled at parents, and stopped again honestly this feels like police harassment and I was wondering is it?
"Landlord demanding year worth of rent after moving out. Landlord gouging me for damages (arizona)

TL;DR from last post:  landlord gave a 5 day notice. We moved out and returned possession of property before the five days. Now landlord emailed us a bill for $8k including all of the eviction months rent and late fees and no certified mail. Can i fight it? What are my rights?

Update: i sent a letter via certified mail about the bill they sent me and have not received anything in response. I went to the residence in question and used the self touring app to look at the inside. Non of the repairs they are trying to charge me for have been done. The carpets are still the same with the same stains on them. The fridge the same. Non of the walls have been painted. And they sent me to collections for what i “owe” them along with a 30% increase sense it was sent to collections.  What do i do. I am living off va disability i cant afford $10k they want from me."
"Recording phone calls I live in Florida which has a law that you cannot record a phone call unless you tell the other person they are being recorded. 

Recently this topic came up in a family discussion. 

So we often use speaker phone when we are talking to someone on the other line. 
Also my home has several CCTV/security cameras in the ""public"" rooms such as the dining, living and pet rooms. Not bedroom and bathrooms.

This means we are recording phone calls, even inadvertently. Now 99.9% of those calls are harmless and just family, bills etc. 

But I have an ExHusband who calls and my daughter has picked the habit of speaker phone. Which means his calls are recorded too. I didn't realize or think about it till recently and knowing how abrasive he is, if he found out, I wouldn't be shocked if he tried to press charges. I mean we can shut off the cameras at any time but we aren't always going to remember or realize he's on the phone with my daughter.

When the recorded call law was made, it was well before the new technologies we have now. Many smart devices record/listen too so how in this smart tech world would this law work now? If he found out his calls have been recorded up till now, could he press charges for it against us?"
"I (16) have been chatting with an older guy (22) on Snapchat, and I have received explicit pics and videos. Could I be in trouble? So I have been chatting with this older guy in Snapchat I met in Omegle. I have done a few video calls with him, and received multiple dick pics, though he did ask beforehand if he could send them.

I have not kept any pics, or send any explicit pictures myself. Could I be in some kind of trouble? Is it illegal if I haven't sent anything?"
"Can they kick me out in 10 days? I live in an apartment with a lease which states that we cannot have any washers, dryers, or dishwashers in the apartment. However, my mom is extremely allergic to cats which made it impossible for her to have her clothes in the building's washers or at a laundromat. My landlord found out and gave me an 10 day eviction notice. We found another place to live at. But moving out in 10 days is simply impossible and it would be unethical if she by any means forced us to. Do they really have the power to kick me out in such a short amount of days? Fyi, we live in Philadelphia, PA. Thank you in advance.

Edit: I had a portable washer inside my apartment."
"I have a quick legal question about child labor So I live in Florida and last year (March 22nd) when I just turned 17 I got my first job at Burger King that I quit 2 weeks afterwards... reason being my shifts were Monday-Thursday from 3 pm (school got out at 2:40 and it was a 15 mile drive in heavy south Florida traffic every day) to 11 pm (but it wasn’t really 11 because they made me clock out and clean the restaurant most days depending on the manager on duty) without any lunch breaks and when I asked the manager she gave me attitude and was finally like “it’s 30 minutes unpaid” and I took only one during my time working there so finally my actual question is can I sue or do something about all of this or is it past the statute of limitations since it’s almost been a full year if there even is a statute of limitations for what I said


Edit: I would usually get home around 11:30pm to 12am with school the next day "
"Should I co-sign on my dad’s personal and business bank accounts? Thanks to anyone in advance for their help.

For quick background my dad lives in Colorado and I live in California.

My dad recently had a brush with death and is now attempting to get his affairs in order. Mainly he wants me to be a co-signer on his personal and business accounts. I’m worried that this could result in me being liable for any debts that he has.

My mom and dad divorced almost 20 years ago, I’m an only child, and my dad doesn’t have anyone else really close in his life. He has told me that when he passes everything will go to me but I’m not sure if that is a good thing.

My dad has owned his own business for about 35 years. It is fairly outdated and, from what my mom has told me, he never made much money. Luckily it has a fairly low cost of overhead and no employees other than my father.

He owns a dead restricted apartment that I doubt he has paid off. I would not be willing to co-sign on his loan without my name being added to the deed but I do not qualify to be added due to the terms of the deed restriction.

If I elect to co-sign on his accounts will I be responsible for any loans (business or personal) that he has taken out?"
"I'm at a loss as to where to go from here Hello all! I've lurked around on Reddit for a while, but only just made an account, mostly for this. I apologize in advance if it gets a bit long, with that in mind. I have to keep things as vague as possible, just due to concerns.

Just as a bit of backstory: I work in a state government, in a relatively lower-tier position--think scanning, clocking things in, answering the phone--but some of the things I take care of impact the lives of people in civil situations. I moved to this position after working a couple years in the basement--this position was literally a scanning position, nothing more--where I performed rather well. I was doing well enough that they had me come upstairs to the department I'm in now, in order to help with some quality checking and be a backup in case the previous worker was out of the office. I got rather decent reviews when that season came, as well. Once I moved to my current position, I started to notice some things: firstly, I don't get paid any more than before; secondly, I have a *lot* more to do than before; and thirdly...the place seems a little unhealthy.

I should preface this by saying I have several mental health issues, such as major depression, anxiety, and a couple others I don't feel comfortable mentioning. I have my papers in order stating that I have trouble with memory and concentration, and there is a decent amount of fatigue; and while I'm allowed up to two days a week, I haven't touched it aside from two days. I try my best to be accurate and efficient, same as when I worked in my previous position; however, I've noticed that the small mistakes I make are being counted more heavily against me. Despite my having worked barely half a year at the time, they had begun compiling these wrongs into a formal admonishment, come early this year. What I did not realize is that they were apparently speaking about me to not only my previous employer, who is in the same building, but to HR, as well. My previous employer, upon my asking to take back my position in the basement, brought up the wrongs in the admonishment to affirm why they are hesitant, if not reluctant, to allow me to do so. One of my supervisors hinted that I may just not be stable enough to work in either department, let alone the building. A few of the people in HR have already told me that the department I work for now isn't exactly the most trustworthy, and that they may have done this in the past.

To try and shorten this all: despite my having the paperwork to cover me, I fear that my current employers are spreading word about me in an attempt to keep me out of at least two divisions. I fear that if I were to get another position in the building, they will try and contact that potential employer, as well. I also fear that they will try and fire me for the mistakes made, despite my paperwork stating that I will have trouble. I'm not really sure where to go from here, and would greatly appreciate advice. If you've made it this far, I again apologize for rambling."
"(NJ) Not being reinstated in original position with original salary after maternity leave. Offer isn’t even close. To try to keep it short and to the point:

I went on maternity leave beginning 10/09.

Employer is eligible for FMLA protection, I believe. Correct me if I’m wrong: 
I’ve been there for 3 years in December
I worked over 1,250 hours in the last year and
they have well over 50 employees over a 75 mile radius. (home health care employer)

I worked in the main office working on their finances/payroll and other special projects. I was also the highest paid employee (not sure if that matters). 

I emailed them about returning to work and asking about the conditions they expected upon my return as both the owners kept bringing up different possible changes before I left but nothing was agreed upon or definite so I wanted to know what they were planning still, if anything. 

The email I got back was not expected. Before I left, my position was “temporarily” filled with someone but he was compensated about $4 less an hour than me and was only scheduled for 24 hours a week. I worked 40+ because I was also working on projects other than what he was hired for. I interviewed this person and recommended him myself. 

When they got back to me they essentially told me I would be returning with these changes:


- PT (24 hours a week) so they’re cutting my salary by about 40% - because they’re keeping the replacement. 

- With an entirely different position - they were keeping my replacement and told me to think “outside of the box” to “create my own position”. However, anything else is nothing remotely close to what I was doing as they said it had to “positively affect the bottom line” which reads sales/referrals to me— neither of which I’ve ever done for them nor am I interested in doing. 

I know, very odd scenario. If there’s any other information needed please let me know. I’ve left some info out so it wasn’t more of a wall than it already is. 

Is this a violation of FMLA since they’re not reinstating me anywhere near my old position or salary? What could I do?


ETA: I went out on leave 10/09, due date was 10/25 and gave birth 10/29. Leave was medically certified by my OBGYN and my leave was paid by temporary disability with NJ - not a private plan."
HELP PLEASE My Dad is gonna lose his job over bullshit. He used to work for a company in Hickory, North Carolina called TSG Finishing. They cut his pay, then made him along with most other management employees sign a non compete contract. They told him that if he signed his pay would be raised back to what is was. He signed, and never saw this pay raise. Eventually he was tired of their shit and decided to quit and look for different employment opportunities. He turned in his 2 week notice but was terminated on the spot and escorted off of the premises. He was offered a job at a competitor ACF Finishing. Of course, he took it. He got better pay and an awesome boss at ACF. Then customers of TSG noticed my Dad wasn't working for them. In fact TSG told their customers about firing my dad (fucking idiots). Those customers like my dad more then they like TSG. Soon many of my dad's old customers found out where he worked and started doing business with ACF. TSG started loosing a lot of business and struggling. That and TSG didn't have anyone that knew how to run things so they messed up orders all the time and pissed off their customers. Well TSG then used that non compete contract I mentioned earlier to try to get my dad to not be able to work for ACF. In fact they may succeed in making him not able to work in the textiles industry in all of North America. They filed a lawsuit against him and the first court basically said that TSG is full of shit and ruled against them. Then TSG appealed to the NC court of appeals and now all three judges concurred to reverse the original ruling. I read their decision and it contains multiple HUGE details that are plainly false. The judges claim that my dad had to material changes at TSG (bullshit, cut in pay? really?). It also claims that my dad knows trade secrets and is using them at ACF to put TSG out of business.  My mother is crying now, we don't know what to do. Any help with this would be appreciated. 
"Car Stolen. What steps should I take? Hey guys. Thanks for reading my post. 

I’m the owner of two different vehicles. I have an older 2013 model vehicle and I just purchased a 2019 vehicle. I wasn’t using my older car so I didn’t have insurance on it. 

Recently my brother moved in with me and he doesn’t have a license. He expressed interest in getting a license ( he’s 25 and just been behind in life ). I taught him how to drive and he is solid at it. He picked it up quickly. 

In preparation of him getting his license I put full coverage insurance on the 2013 car. I told him he can use it to run little errands nearby our apartment. 

I am out of town and my brother calls me and tells me that the car was stolen outside of a convenience store. He filed a police report and has a full case number. There’s even camera footage of what took place. We live on a very very nice side of town and he made a careless mistake of leaving the keys in the car while he purchased things inside the store. 

What should I do now? 

This happened last night and I haven’t contacted the insurance company personally. 

Any help or information you can offer me would be awesome. Is my car gonna be covered even if he wasn’t listed as a driver on my full coverage insurance?"
"No contact order expiration Over two years ago I was sentenced for criminal mischief II with my now ex-wife listed as domestic violence victim. I ended up getting 100% custody of our daughter after she was found mentally unfit as a mother and she didn’t want to pay for mandatory supervision and child support to me. 

I was released from probation about a year ago. It is my understanding that the no contact order ends at the end of my sentences probation (of three years). But I’ve had other people say it’s over at the end of my probation.

My question is; if I were to reach out to her and offer supervised visitation via me or a family member, is that breaking the law? Do I need to wait for the full three years, or better yet wait for my case to be expunged?

I considered asking my former PO but since it’s the holidays it might take awhile; so I’m asking you guys first. 

Thanks."
"Found out I have an eviction on my record. (xpost from r/personalfinance) I recently went looking for an apartment. I've been living with family for a few years now while I got back on my feet.
Back in 07, me and my now ex-wife split up and she kept the house we had. I had assumed we'd put it up for sale, but she insisted on keeping it, and moved her new guy in with her.
At this point, I had kind of stopped caring. I had lost my wife, lost 24/7 access to my kids....I went through a few years of depression. Lived with family for most of the time.
I'm ready to get back out on my own again now, but found out that due to my ex-wife and the fact that she didn't pay the house loan like she should have (which, in all honesty I KNEW would happen...I just didn't care at the time) that I have an eviction on my record from the foreclosure.
I've already cleared out all the debt she left me with with a bankruptcy, but it appears the ""eviction"" (even tho I hadn't been physically living there for 2-3 years prior) is still there and I'm now being denied places because of that, even WITH a roommate signing up with me! Also, the eviction isn't on my credit reports, I checked. So it's in my background reports I guess.
What options do I have, and what can I do???

Per the Location Bot's post:  I'm in the St. Louis, MO metro area."
"I’m being sent a copy of my dads will, how long will it take to get to me? My father passed away in October. No one in the family told me, his ex girlfriend called me 4 days after the fact to giver her condolences and that’s how I found out he passed away.

My mother and him were still married. My sister is hiding everything from me. They purposely didn’t do an obituary so I wouldn’t know (I am estranged from them all. I joined the Army and bettered my life and they pushed me out for abandoning them). When I got out of the Army I did move back in with him for 2 years and kept a pretty good relationship with him. Before he had passed I hadn’t talked to him in about 6 months because my sister got into his ear and told everyone I was on drugs or something  and tore us apart again (BTW, I’m law enforcement) They won’t tell me about attorney meetings and they got mad when I found the lawyer. 

Anyway, they said they signed the paperwork today at the attorney office But because I wasn’t there (no one told me) I will be getting it send to me. It’s a letter and a waiver I have to sign saying I won’t contest it the will. I have never seen the will. They keep reiterating that everything goes to my mother and there is no other will and it’s not fake. I mean they have said that 5 times in the 10minute convo they had with me. 

Question 1) how long will it take for me to receive this letter? When I called and found the attorney I gave my direct information to her 
 2) will a copy of the will be in the mail?
 3) should I seek legal advise to make sure they aren’t screwing me out of anything?"
Neighbor looking at mail I have a small apartment and I’m currently having trouble with one of the tenants. I have tried calling and sending notices about not paying rent, they are currently on month two of not paying. Sent a certified letter of an eviction notice but they refuse to pick it up and nowI had a sheriffs letter delivered to their house yesterday and it was put on their door. I put up camera to see if they would get it and to prove they have someone living their who isn’t on the lease. Mean while the neighbor is constantly in our business telling the tenants they don’t need to pay rent etc. I’ve had problems with these neighbors since 2017 but have just ignored it till yesterday. I look at my camera notifications and it shows the neighbor crawling across her patio onto ours opening our apartment door and reading the sheriffs letter for eviction. Is there anything I can do to get the neighbor in trouble and is that considered reading someone else’s mail? Or going onto private property? Not sure if anything they did was illegal or not I’m just sick of them acting like everything is theirs and telling our tenants false information
"NY: I left my mother's. My parents are divorced. So, after a long list of things, while not major, that my mother did, today she basically asked to cut me off from the outside world, i.e. confiscating my phone for no reason, and refusing to let me in the house until I did. After three years (I'm now 13) I had had enough and this sent me over the edge and I refused. She said ""Go to your father."" She is now claiming that she did not. I did not record this, but called the lawyer who was assigned to me when my parents got divorced. She said to go to my father's. What could she do and how could I prevent myself and my father from legal trouble, if any? What can I do here? My lawyer already said that she cannot do more to help."
"My sister sent a Cease and Desist letter to an ex she DEFINITELY owes money to. My sister moved in with a boyfriend in 2017, but things didn't quite work out. She reluctantly agreed to let her leave the lease if she agreed to pay for the remainder of her portion, to which she agreed and signed a contract for (which was then notarized). 

Its 2020, and the guy keeps asking if she will pay it, he has been patient since early 2018 but it's been quite a long time and she has left his messages unanswered. 

She went and got a cease and desist letter to stop him from messaging her, and the letter says she shouldn't have to pay him for the lease from 2017.

The letter also mentions that she ""signed the notarized agreement"" under duress, which is entirely untrue.

I feel she is just trying to avoid accountability and doesn't want to pay him, but even if it were true that she signed the contract under duress, does this guy have any legal leverage to get his money back?

Is my sister going to get away with robbing this guy of $1,800?"
"Need some answers on the actions of USDA. [U.S NH] My family is having trouble getting housing and we are interested in buying. The company we were using USDA Dural Development told us they would help us to purchase a house. Every step we complete they add another step which costs us money and end up having to go through another step. 

I'll go over some of the things they were doing but my question is, is what they are doing right or are they doing something wrong?

We passed a pre qualification then the real application we filled out and provided all the details they requested. 

We were called and told we needed to refinance the car which we did.

We needed to settle off some bills that were on credit which we also did.

After these steps were taken and we were down a fair bit of money they added the credit cards they requested we get were too new.

The settlement on the bills for our credits were we did was to new and they wanted to wait at least 6 months before they would count that for their records. 

After all these we were told if we did not withdraw from our application we would be declined based on my father's credit history. 

We had to withdraw the application because of these. My issue is the steps they had us take were one after the other and after the steps were done they kept adding another step and another step then ended up refusing us because the steps were took to were too recent. 

My question is did they do something wrong by not informing us before hand this would happen and have us waste our money we could have used to have half the payment we needed for the house we wanna buy or is what they did as it should have been done?  Are they following protocol  as they say they are?"
Clear month notice What do you interpret as a clear month notice? According to my contract I need to give a clear month notice and I am wondering if it’s just a full one month notice? Thank you
"Life insurance provider will not pay claim to designated beneficiary So around 6 months ago my father passed away and ever since both my mother and have been fighting with the insurance provider. My mother and father have been divorced for nearly 18 years and throughout this time my mother has remained the policy beneficiary. Despite this the insurance company (Pr*dential) has refused to pay out the claim to her due to the fact that nothing in the divorce decree stated that she was entitled to the money. Nor are they willing to allow for one of my fathers heirs (me) to attempt to claim this money. 

Is there any actions that she can take to ensure that she will receive the money that was designated for her? 

The company admits that this decision was made upon their own discretion and no state laws (Ohio) are causing the lack of payment. 

Thanks in advance for any advice! 

TLDR: Insurance company refusing to pay out claim due to divorce."
"Fake buisness? [MA] I bought colored contacts, and I haven't received them. I checked out there Facebook page, and it is claiming to be located in California even though it is in China. All of their products are fake, and their paypal says ""Shoes Online Shop"". This has happened to many people including me. I don't know what to do and I am under 18. Is there anything I can do? Or should I accept my loss of money?

The company is ItsFoy."
"First parenting argument post-divorce. I need advice, please. Some background info:

* We live in Tennessee.

* My ex has 51% custody.

* All decisions for the child's life are to be made jointly.  Disputes are to be handled in mediation before going to court.

*My ex has, for the last 2 years, left our child with me all summer, except for 2 weeks of trips, and then insisted on alternating weeks of visitation during the school year.  This isn't in agreement with our parenting plan, but I didn't raise any objections.

My kid is 6.  This year he wanted to sign up for an after school program.  I told my ex about the meeting for it, she didn't come because she was working.  She agreed that it would be good for him, as the same program really helped her daughter get ahead in school.  She agreed that, since he isn't home from school until after 6, that she would get him on weekends and holidays while the program lasts.  We were totally in agreement about it.

Now she wants to move him to a different school closer to the house she has just bought with her boyfriend.  She wants to move him because she says she doesn't get to see her son enough.  I object to this because she agreed to the program, we agreed on how to handle his situation in an equitable manner, and it would be needlessly disruptive to his life to make any changes at this point.

Do I have a strong position from which to argue my case, or am I up the creek?"
"One (of three) room mates rented 2 rooms to me but did not inform the third (Sept 1st move in!) TLDR: Room mate John promised two rooms, is now saying second is a common area, can I sue for my deposit and any liabilities the landlord might pursue?

On multiple occasions, John (and current tenant) said that I would be renting two rooms. I have two instances of this in writing. One week before moving in, the third room mate (Paul) and I talked, and realized that we had been told very different things about the rooming situation. Paul understood that the second room I was renting was a common area, which doesn’t align with any definition I can think of, of renting two rooms. After speaking, we found that there was no compromise, because Paul wanted the freedom to entertain in the room at least once a week in the room I intended to use as my warehouse/workspace, and wander in and out as he pleased. Needless to say, I did not sign the lease with this understanding.

By the way, I signed up to pay ~50% more a month than either of them ($400 more). Gotta love Boston MA rent.

I spoke with a lawyer, and he said that the consultation and any billable hours would be $300/hour. Currently at stake is my $2600 first/last month, and possibly any “break” fees that the landlord would charge ($2000 for 1/3 of the rent for two months?). Is it worth suing John, who made the misrepresentation, for any potential damages? Do I have a leg to stand on? Please find attached screenshots of our discussions. Many thanks for your help. 

Screenshots:  
http://imgur.com/a/42xLW (John says I am ""taking the living room and a bedroom"")  
http://imgur.com/a/U7bEe (John says my renting ""two rooms"" is ""awesome"")  
http://imgur.com/a/CvJOc (I tell Paul I am renting two rooms)  
http://imgur.com/a/7rxWG (Paul says John told him, I was renting ""storage space"" in one of the rooms)  
http://imgur.com/a/FwkhE (Occasional dinner parties =/= using the room I'm paying for every week)

**Edit** formatting and added a link  
**Edit2**  
Just as an update on the situation, and its' resolution--I think everything worked out in the end after I faced them with the reality of moving in all of my belongings, which would make social use of the room quite difficult, as well as my willingness to pursue legal action against John if it came to it. We also had a productive conversation with the landlord about not being charged break fees if we could find a replacement tenant. In the end, everyone’s incentives were aligned for them to advertise the space for replacement room mate with whom they would have an equitable division, and to return my security deposit so that I would neither move in nor pursue legal action.

Many thanks to everyone for your advice and support during what’s been an incredibly stressful several days, and here’s hoping a replacement tenant is found and everything falls into place.
"
"I was fired, but was not given my paycheck or asked to sign anything (CO) I was let go by my job of 10 months for ""dishonesty and lack of motivation"", yet when they fired me I was not asked to sign a termination form, nor was I presented with my final paycheck, or any evidence to their claims. I filed for unemployment yesterday, the day after they fired me. If I did not sign anything, or verbally state anything, what are my chances of receiving unemployment? I have only signed two write ups prior to this, and neither had anything to do with what they are accusing me of. Should an employer legally present the evidence of their claims when firing someone? I am worried they may try to stop me from collecting unemployment,  which could put me in a dire situation as there are not very many employment opportunities right now. They are also, currently, refusing to tell me if they mailed me my last paycheck, as they did not present it to me when I was terminated. Thank you for your help."
"Just got kicked out of my girlfriend’s house without being served an eviction. Can I press charges on her? I’ve been living with my girlfriend in Florida for the last 8 months. Unfortunately, shit hit the fan last night and she kicked me out of her home. I’m currently living in my mobile home.

Someone told me what she did is illegal and even though I’m not on her lease she still has to serve me with an eviction notice so I can have 30 days to move out and find a new place because you can’t just throw someone out on the street.

Not sure if it’s different in every state but I need some clarification if this is true in the state of Florida."
"NJ Labor Laws on Employee Contract Raise I am attempting to figure out if my company I began working for in December of 2019 is attempting to do something illegal as to take advantage of my inexperience in the workplace.

Background:
I am 23, and signed an employment agreement in December. This job is part-time , and has no union affiliated. It was originally 25 hrs / week but as CoVid-19 ramped up and some employees decided to stop coming in it became 35 -40 hrs/ week. They ask me to stay under 35 hrs when clocking in and out, and I am working on all cylinders because I believe its best for my moral and mental health, even though I could phone it in and put little effort or care in the job.

Issue at hand:

In my contract for starting I was at 10.50/hr with a guaranteed raise of a dollar to 11.50/hr after 60-90 days of employment. It was explicitly stated the raise would be an increase of a dollar to 11.50. In january the minimum wage in NJ was raised to 11.00/hr so I was given an early raise. Now I am past the point of the 60-90 days and have not received the raise increase, I wish it was plainly a dollar raise but I understand they could say the raise was guaranteed to make my wage 11.50. 

I spoke with my team lead who informed me that the company is holding off on all wage changes for the time being, and that HR would get back to me when the situation changes. I was also told that back pay based on my contracts wording would be made for all months I should have been paid the raise increase.

Are they in their legal right to hold off on giving a raise promised in my employment paperwork?"
[FL] Company is withholding PTO due to WFH Hello, I'm a teacher in South Florida and normally accumulate PTO but ever since I started working from home, HR says I'm no longer eligible to accumulate PTO, is this legal?
Can my boyfriend be court ordered for a paternity test ? My boyfriends ex girlfriend wants a blood test for her 3 month year old son to prove it’s my boyfriends child. We both live in Massachusetts and she lives in New Hampshire. He’s refusing the DNA test because someone else signed the birth certificate. Can the court order him to do a blood test ?
"Questions about a succession. Hello! My mother recently got succession papers, as her grandmother passed away without a will. Unfortunately, neither of us are having any luck with understanding this thing. Specifically, my mother is wondering about how her property is being broken up. I'm going to list it here (had to omit names, sorry) :

1/6 to my great grandmother's daughter (still living)

1/6 to my great grandmother's daughter (still living)

1/24 to my great grandmother's grandchild

1/24 to my great grandmother's grandchild


1/24 to my great grandmother's grandchild 

1/12 to my great grandmother's grandchild 

1/12 to my great grandmother's grandchild

1/18 to my mother (also a grandchild) 

1/18 to my aunt (also a grandchild) 

1/18 to my great grandmother's grandchild

1/6 to my great grandmother's grandchild 

If anyone can explain this we'd both really appreciate it. Thank you!"
"{NJ} Someone used my name and was arrested for criminal trespassing I lost a job offer after finding out there was a warrant in my name for criminal trespassing - enter without notice. I've been to court twice and the second time they just dismissed it outright (no idea why).

I looked up my record s couple of days after (which was clean before this) and the status says disposed. Does this stay on my record? Also, my license was suspended due to the warrant. Will I have to pay the $100 fine to get it restored even though I had nothing to do with the crime?

I'm so confused at this point. I've never had to deal with any of this before."
"Running credit reports on prospective employees. What criteria can be used as a disqualified? NY State (Not NYC) Note, not NYC....I am aware of NYC laws for preemployment credit checks. 

I am also pretty well versed on FCRA, NY 23-A, and EEOC guidelines for criminal background checks. 

What I cannot find are criteria for financial credit reports. Once I’ve received an applicants credit report, if there are negative implications, on what grounds may I take adverse actions? Is it basically anything I want, as long as it’s relevant to the job responsibilities AND not having a disparate impact on a protected EEOC class?

Thanks!"
"Almost had car accident, but didn't, then left scene, police ticketed me for it. Am I screwed? I'm a 23 year old woman, living in New Jersey.

I was driving home after work at 3am on Friday when I saw the car in front of mine swerving a lot. I slowed down, feeling uneasy about passing him as I felt he was probably drunk. Another car swooped in front of me suddenly, and began honking its horn at the ""drunk driver"". 

Out of nowhere, the ""drunk driver"" put on its brakes, and both cars crashed. Luckily, I put mine on time, and stopped just an inch behind the other car. Yes, I got out for a moment to check. I was really lucky because I hadn't hit anyone. Less than a minute later, the guy in front of me got out of his car, and banged on my window, yelling at me. He cursed that I was a bitch. The ""drunk driver"" also got out, and began to scream at the guy who hit the car. I saw that they were distracted, and backed up, then sped out of there. I was afraid of confronting either of them, and I felt that since there was no damage to my car, that I wasn't involved in the accident. 

Less than an hour later, just as I pulled into my driveway, I get a phone call from the police. I have no idea how they got my information. He requested I go back to the stretch of highway that the accident occured. I did. When I got there, I saw the cop car, no sign of either of the other cars.

I told the policeman what happened. He didn't seem to believe that I had no part in the accident, despite showing how my car wasn't damaged. He claimed that the other drivers thought I was drunk so I had to take a breathalyzer (sp?) which showed I was sober. He then gave me three tickets: reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident, and failure to report an accident. He told me that I would have to go to court, and I asked if a lawyer was necessary, he said ""no"". 

I told my mother, and she got panicked. She claims those are serious charges, that I could get my license revoked and have to pay a lot in fines. I barely have any money as it is... She says to get a lawyer.

I called some lawyers. Some claim that I am ""basically screwed"". Others say that they can beat the charges.  One of them told me I could go to prison. I got a lot of mixed information, not sure who I trust. I tried to do research online, get similar results. 

I really need advice. Should I get a lawyer? Which do I get? What punishments am I looking at here? Did I truly flee the scene of an accident even if no damge was done to my car? Thank you, /r/legaladvice."
My wife wants me to use my mother-in-law for legal documents. Is this a conflict of interest? I’d like to get a medical directive and will done, and my wife insists that we use her mother (a lawyer who specializes in this area) to get the documents done. However, I feel uncomfortable doing so, as I don’t want her mother to (consciously or unconsciously) influence or judge my decision in these documents. Is this a conflict of interest? Am I just being paranoid?
"My house was just tested positive for meth and I'm required to move out of it. Is there any way I can get compensation from my landlord for not testing it before I moved in? UTAH We've been living in a house with traces of meth for 5 months. The landlord was selling the property to some other people and their meth test came back positive. We are now required to move out within 2 weeks. Is there anything I can get out of my landlord in this situation? Will he be fined by the county for this?

And I want to add that my roommates and I have never touched meth. It was like this when we moved in."
"What exactly is a restraining order and hoe does it protect someone in the context of domestic violence? I have a friend who is in a very serious situation with her family. She is in her early 20s and is choosing to leave her family and a forced marriage. She is planning to leave the city for a while but has to return eventually for work and school. 

If she gets restraining orders on her entire family which i think there is ample evidence. How can it protect her if her family does something irrational? What happens if they choose not to listen to the restraining order?"
"EX-Employer has contacted me saying I owe them money for negative vacation days taken. I'm in Canada My EX-employer has emailed me claiming I owe them $2000 for negative 114 vacation hours after I had inquired about my last paycheck and ROE. I worked there for almost 2 years and my holidays were approved by my boss and the principal of the company. I took two weeks last year that were approved by both of them. Every job I've had always told me when I had enough days to take vacation and if I didn't have them I wouldn't take vacation. I'm confused as to how I owe them that much and they're not being helpful on providing answers, they just keep asking me how I plan on paying them back. 

My login for the payroll website was disabled among other work things, which I expect to be normal after someone quits. I've contacted several labour laws in my province and they just tell me that they cannot take the money I owe out of my last paycheck without my consent. I have not responded to them and I am at a loss as to what to do or how to respond to them. 

I was hoping that me quitting was going to be an easy thing and it's turning out to be a mess. I don't want to get sued for supposedly owing them money, can they sue me if I don't pay them? I'm jobless right now and I don't have $2500 to pay out of my pocket to them. I've even checked my work contract and it doesn't mention anything about taking too much vacation time or the repercussions about taking too much time off. 

Can anyone help and provide advice?"
"He Can’t Because I’m Not Interested My ex husband and I divorced in 2016.  We were living together in York County, PA.  Since our two children were born and had lived their lives there, and due to their ages (5, 9), I fought for but was not granted primary custody.  I had moved to Maryland, closer to my workplace, and in one of the US’s top 25 places to live.  I had been commuting 90 minutes to work one-way and trying to be a good Mom and it was breaking me down.  Now my commute is 20 minutes one-way and my stress is a tiny fraction what it was before and I can actually think for myself and for the kids rather than wade through the sludge of deep stress and exhaustion.  Also, my parents, being very conservative and having stayed married “for the sake of the kids,” condemned me for leaving a dead and miserable marriage, and supported my ex-husband against me in the custody case (case happened in 2017).  Also, when I left my ex, I chose to move to a place to live which has increased multicultural multi-ethnicity population.  My parents wanted me to stay in a location that is very predominately white and when I didn’t, well you can imagine their incandescent rage.  My parents and I are on zero terms since the case.  In fact, I do not consider them my parents anymore.  They are my kids’ grandparents and nothing more.

On to the point of this post - my older son (now 12) has wanted to be a pilot since he was 4.  He is now old enough to join Civil Air Patrol Cadet Corps.  I have interviewed and attended meetings of multiple squadrons within feasible travel radius of both mine and my ex-husband’s house.  I found the best one, and it meets Tuesday evenings weekly from 6:30-9pm.  It is 40-50 minute drive from ex-husband’s house in PA.  I have spoken with the kids and teachers at this squadron, I have personally driven the to and from route at the very times they would be traveled for the weekly Tuesday meetings, and I would be able to handle all the travel if necessary.  My son is in love with the idea of joining CAP and wants to try it.  He knows that it would be a trial basis to see if it could work with school, buses, and homework during the school year.

My son is currently in Boy Scouts.  Older Son’s BS meetings are on Monday evenings.  CAP would meet on Tuesday evenings.  I have brought this up with my ex - I have told him that when things shift more back to normal, then Older Son and I want to try CAP.  My ex says no, he’s in BS (as though that’s the only thing in the world that matters).  The only time my ex listens to me is when he’s forced to.  This has been true since 2005 when we moved from MD to PA.

Some context - my ex has taken it upon himself to become a scoutmaster.  No one asked him to do that.  Essentially, my ex came from a home with a single mom who never gave him a chance to do BS and I believe my ex is now trying to make his own childhood whole through our older son, who is also his favorite.  Anything that might threaten Older Son’s involvement in BS, or anything that might outshine BS, my ex fights it.
Additional information:  my ex has my boys Monday through Friday morning (then they go to school, and I get my kids right after school).  Thus, my ex has custody of Older Son on Tuesdays.  We do have 50-50 decision weight on everything per the child custody order from the 2017 case.

My question - If my ex refuses to allow Older Son to do a trial run of attending and becoming involved in CAP (Civil Air Cadet Corps), is there anything I can do through legal action to challenge that?  My heart breaks at the possibility that my ex husband would deny my son the opportunity to try things during this time in his life when it’s the best time to do so - the tween and teen years.  I’d be lying if I said this behavior on his part is surprising - there are reasons why we’re no longer together, his over-whelming self importance is one of them.

Additional info:  I did interview and attend a meeting of the “local” squadron to my ex’s house.  It is a 40 minute drive away from his house on every other Saturday for 5 hours per meeting.  Older Son would have to wake up at around 6am, wouldn’t be done til around 12pm noon, wouldn’t get back to ex’s house until closer to 1pm.  Older Son would be exhausted!  That would be all he could have the energy and opportunity to do on those saturdays.  The squadron has very few resources.  Most squadrons meet weekly to spread out the 10-hours-monthly requirement because it’s easier on the kids to learn, develop, and grow their interest in aviation.  5 hours is a huge task for an adult - and I don’t want to smash my son’s aviation interest by destroying every other one of his Saturday’s.  Plus, currently my custody of Older Son and Younger Son is on weekends, and this would mean that two weekends out of four per month, I would lose half of my custody of Older Son.  If I though for a moment that the experience would be worth it for Older Son, then I could put that ahead of my own feelings.  However, the local squadron is just simply a bad option.  As well, through interviews and conversations with the other squadrons, the reason none of the other squadrons meet on the weekends (they meet on weekday evenings) is because the enrichment activities are on the weekends - activities at local airports, trips to go gliding, flight training exercises, community service, visiting museums, participating in aviation related activities - these happen on the weekends.  Honestly, the other squadrons were confused and shocked that “local” squadron meets on saturdays.  They meet on saturdays because they are so low on resources, and some of their members drive 2 or more hours to just attend the meetings.  

Please let me know if any additional info is needed to consider the question in this situation.

Additional question - when can the custody order by challenged?  My boys have always wanted to live with me primarily.  My ex does the minimum (always has been a free loader - it was a red flag since the beginning which I had brushed off) and dumps the parenting largely on his girlfriend who lives with them.  The court ruled in 2017 that the two homes were approximately the same to the court’s view of conditions.  When can the boys and I challenge the custody order and request that the boys primarily be with me instead of their father?  Again, my boys and their father are in York County, PA.  I am in Howard County, MD.  The boys ages (2020) are 8 and 12, going into grades 3 and 7 respectively."
Wife opened credit card accounts I have a friend that is going through a difficult time. He is in the process of getting divorced in Pennsylvania. Everything initially agreed upon....PA has a 90 day cooling off period.....that came and went and now the wife won’t sign the divorce papers. She gave ownership of both of their houses to the husband in the agreement and I believe that those houses have been titled over to him. And she admitted to getting them into financial trouble with credit cards and put their debt under the Freedom Debt Relief company..... she was to pay that..... the cards were in her name. He thought that he only had a Discover card that he thought was closed in 2017. He ran a credit report on himself and discovered that he has a credit score in the 500’s AND he has two credit cards that he didn’t apply for and the Discover card was still open with balances transferred over to it creating a balance of over $19,000. He did not do any of that. So the soon to be ex wife admits to opening the cards in his name and balance transferring onto them. Now WHOSE balances we aren’t sure but guessing that they were from debts from her cards. She refuses to allow him to see the dashboard for the Freedom Debt Relief company and she has the user names and passwords for the three cards in his name. Oh ...AND his three cards are in charge off status as she has not paid some things for over a year. She states that these cards are in the debt relief program. From what I’ve read, this debt relief company is a bit of a scam and extremely damaging to your credit report as their whole tactic is to let your account go into delinquency so they can better bargain for a lower payback amount. However the creditors can still legally go after you until this company starts negotiating with them..... which doesn’t happen until you have a set amount of money in a set up account that they can negotiate with. It seems that they only negotiate accounts one at a time. So after several months in this program, they will supposedly offer you a loan from Consolidated Plus ....they will pay ALL of your credit card balances but at an interest rate of 22.9% fixed. Also the Freedom debt company takes an approximate 22% fee of the total balance that you bring on a card.....not what they negotiate but the TOTAL balance. This company will not allow him access to her account that she set up so he’s not sure that his cards are truly in the program and he wants to make sure that she isn’t putting HIS name on that loan that she will get because he doesn’t want to be part of it!  She will not tell him what cards and total debts she has. So now she refuses to sign the final divorce papers because now she wants half of the houses because she feels that is fair. Most likely she wants them to sell them to get her debt down. She had also been paying the bills ....or he thought. The leased car payment in his name and the two house mortgages have been late too by several months. It seems like every day he uncovers a little more. So what is his best recourse for untangling himself from her financial mess? I’m afraid that she’s not signing the divorce papers so she can somehow put his name as her husband on that high interest loan and have him responsible for that too.  Clearly she has committed fraud.
"[PA] Tell me if what I discovered can void a contract due to the zoning regulation or if it would be a waste of time to argue? At the following link http://imgur.com/lOLb2l6 you will find a horrible contract my wife and I were stupid and signed impulsively and now would be paying 1 million on a mortage for a 300k town house if approved. 

We thus want to get out of the deal and the company (Ryan homes) made an almost air tight contract. However on the first and continued on the second page of the contract says that the area is zoned for residential and the correct zoning doesn't have to be written out if only zoned for single family housing. However the property is zoned as an overlay with class C residential (http://ecode360.com/29002820) and retirement village (http://ecode360.com/29004598). The retirement village is NOT zoned for single family housing and only multi family housing. 

Would the zoning being an overlay of a retirement village  and residential and not being disclosed as such in the contract thus make the contract subject to void with no penalty?"
"[Utah, USA] Looking for advice regarding entering a lease with the manager of a small apartment complex Hello! On Monday I am going to sign a lease to rent an apartment from a small company and pay the deposit. I have walked through the apartment with the apartment manager. They are going to email me the lease so that I can sign, scan and return it, and pay them the deposit. They want me to go to the bank and deposit the money into the rental company's account. Their website is very spare and they seem much less strict/official than the other larger rental agencies that I have experience renting through. All of the communication that I have had with the manager has been through text messages, so I do have a record of our discussions regarding my being approved to rent the apt, directions on emailing/signing the lease, and how to send the deposit. I don't feel like this situation is too shady, but I wanted to get a bit of advice about how to protect myself just in case they are trying to pull a scam. I feel like there are some red flags: the fact that I won't be signing the lease in person and also that they want a deposit through the bank. How can I be sure that I am protected during this transaction?

Is it a good idea for me to sign, scan and return it and then request that they sign, scan and return it to me **before** I pay the deposit? In other words, should I make sure that it is signed by both parties before I pay the deposit? Also, is there a way that I can make sure the account I am depositing into really belongs to the rental company? Sorry if this is obvious, I have only dealt with large rental agencies before and only signed the lease in person. I just want this taken care of quickly and smoothly, and would like to feel confident and justified when discussing any possible issues with them. Thank you so much!"
"[NY] I got a parking ticket, yet the car parked behind me, which has a Fire department badge did not get one. Can I argue an unjust ticketing practice? 
"
My ex is smoking marijuana around my 5 year old daughter, in Massachusetts is this illegal? Every time I walk into the house there is weed and paraphernalia out in the open and the air is often clouded with smoke. This is in a house occupied by 4 people including my 5 year old daughter. Is my ex breaking any laws by potentially intoxicating my child or even just having drugs around her even though it’s legalized in this state?
Texas, Should I accept the settlement and waive my right to sue? [the case with EEOC](http://www.eeocpattersonsettlement.com/) I got some monetary reward and this all happened to me back in 2004-2008. Can I not sue Patterson anyway because of the statue of limitations?
"My girlfriend (23) and I (22) just got recalled to work at our local theater, but she has a pre-existing condition and wants to stay home. Is there any way for her or maybe even both of us to stay on unemployment? My theater closed temporarily around the 18th of March. Since then we've been relying on unemployment. At first I wanted to find a new job, but she convinced me otherwise as things with COVID got worse, that and the unemployment is actually giving us more than we were making at work. She has pretty bad asthma so we're terrified of her getting sick, so we've taken all the precautions we can.

Today we both got an email that effective yesterday we are recalled from furlough, we will be receiving our average pay from September to February. Our duties will be cleaning and making theater food for takeout. 

I'm not positive how the pay or hours will work, I can't imagine we'll be busy so schedules will probably be light, but she still feels like this would be an unnecessary risk and wants to stay home along with me too. Is there anyway that we could keep at least her on unemployment?"
"Is it unethical for a Prosecutor to attempt to plea a defendant immediately before arraignment without a lawyer? I am facing charges for a misdemeanor offense in Hawaii. Before the case, on the spot, I was told by the prosecutor that they would be charging me for a petty misdemeanor.

So, first: I was not told at any time this was a plea agreement by the prosecutor. I assumed it was him charging me with a lesser offense.

To continue I plead innocent to that offense I was charged with, because I believed extenuating circumstances relieved me from it. The prosecution then, IMMEDIATELY, recends the lesser charge and immediately charges me with the original charge. I did not have a lawyer with me at the time, and could not think of a response so I maintained my innocence.

Here is my questions:

1) is it unethical for a prosecutor to attempt/bully a person at arraignment in order to get an immediate guilty plea? and

2) can they renig on a verbal agreement without any bounds requiring a guilty plea, immediately, on the spot?"
"[CA] We have a flea problem in our apartment. Our landlord is moving very slowly to fix it. What can we do? My SO and I have lived in a small 1-bedroom apartment in California, in a fairly small building (6 units total), for a few years. About 6 months ago, we noticed fleas in our apartment. We have no pets and all hardwood/tile floors, but we thought at the time that the fleas were due to a friend's dog coming into our apartment one time for about 30 minutes. (We're now almost certain the dog visit was unrelated, for reasons laid out below.)

For about 4 months after that, the fleas appeared sporadically. We'd have a week with a lot of them, we'd vacuum and clean intensely, then we'd find none for about a week, then we'd see them again later. It's also worth pointing out that I never seem to get bit (or never notice getting bit), but my SO's bites swell up and itch instantly, so she's been miserable dealing with this for months.

Because we thought the dog visit was the original problem (and because that dog visit may have been against the rules of the building, though somewhat unclear), we paid to have a company come out and spray the apartment for fleas on our dime rather than bothering our landlords. We followed the instructions, picking up everything off of the floor except furniture and vacating the unit for 4 hours while they sprayed and let it dry. We saw no fleas for about 3 days, but after that they were back, despite the fact that we vacuumed thoroughly every day and emptied the canister in the dumpster outside immediately each time. We contacted the pest control company and had them come out and take another look. They confirmed that we still have fleas (and that they were actually fleas and not another insect), and after looking at our unit and the building, they said the likelihood was very high that there was a host or hosts elsewhere in the building. This could be rodents or other animals crawling into the openings under the building, or a cat or dog in another unit.

This is where we finally brought our landlords into the loop. The building owner lives in one of the units, and we see him around, but we're really supposed to go through the property management company for maintenance requests (though this was ambiguous -- the owner seemed to like us coming directly to him with these things in the past). The pest control company wrote me out an estimate for them to take care of potential rodents under the building, and asked me to give it to the property managers so they could contact him and pay to have it taken care of.

Here's an overview of what's happened since then (if you don't want details, you can skip these bullet points for a brief summary):

* I drove the estimate for the rodent service over to the property managers the next day, handed it to the secretary, told her it needed to go to our manager/rep and that work needed to be done on the building. This was about two months ago. A couple weeks later, I saw the building owner and asked if the property managers talked to him. Turns out, they didn't act on it at all. Didn't get work done, didn't talk to the owner about it at all.
* The owner originally said he would ""take care of it."" To him, this meant using some expanding foam stuff to block one of the places where animals could get in and out under the building. Others were still wide open. In the meantime, we're still getting fleas, my SO was still getting bit, we were vacuuming, setting out flea traps, dealing with this every day and it was only getting worse.
* About a month ago, I run into the owner outside and tell him the problem is worse than ever. He says he'll talk to the pest control company they use (a different one than who I hired previously) and have him ""come out and take a look."" I tell him that's fine. A few days later, he knocks on my door at 7pm to tell us the pest control guy is gonna come by the next day at 9am. I would have sworn he said it was just to ""take a look"" at the problem, which I expected meant the rodents moving in and out of the building. Come 8:45 AM, he knocks on the door and wants to make sure I'm ready to have them come in and spray, meaning we'd have to be out of the unit for 4 hours. This was not what we discussed at all. Keep in mind, COVID was in full swing at this point. My SO is in college and works part-time, and I work full time in a job that's almost entirely work-from-home now. We can't just leave for 4 hours without planning. Where would we go? The owner responds with ""I don't know why that's so hard,"" makes me feel bad his possibly having to pay the pest control company for a missed appointment. Regardless, the pest control guy arrives, we look around the building and start talking about potential solutions. The owner insists ""there's nothing living under the building,"" despite the pest control guy looking directly at the openings and telling him ""that's wide open, it totally makes sense for animals to come in and out of there.""
* About 2.5 weeks ago, we find a good time for the pest control folks to come and spray when we can be out of the unit for 4 hours. It's the same dude from the company who was here before, so he looks inside, we talk, seem to be on the same page. After this second spray (the first one the landlords pay for), we see no decrease in the number of fleas. There are *always* fleas in the toilet, most of them seem to be in the bathroom but we notice them in almost every part of our small apartment, still vacuuming every day and emptying the canister outside.
* I call the property managers multiple times to tell them there's still a problem, with no response for a couple days. During this time, my SO and I notice that the unit above us is vacuuming far more often than the usually do. I go up and ask them if they have fleas. Turns out, they do! They also have no pets, all hardwood and tile, and had been getting bit for about a week. I ask them to contact the property managers.
* Property managers finally get back to us (this is about a week ago now). They tell me the upstairs unit is getting sprayed the next day. That's too soon for us to plan with our employers to be at work, but they have the pest control company call us directly to plan something a few days down the road. While I'm on the phone with the pest control company, I ask them what the next step would be if spraying in our apartment doesn't help at all, despite having no pets. Their response is something along the lines of: ""You'll have to talk to your property managers about that. We've discussed recommendations with them for other service to the building, but I can't give you specifics."" In other words, they've told our property managers what else they need to pay for to fix things, and they've done none of it. Around this time, the building owner used the foam stuff to block another opening to under the building, but there are at least three other places I'm sure a rat could fit into.
* On Friday, the pest control dude (same dude as before) came by to spray yet again. I talked with him for a bit before leaving. I asked, if this didn't work (again), what would be the next step for the building? He didn't have a good answer. He said there could be a pet somewhere in the building, or it could be rodents under the building, but they can't spray around the building on the outside, that wouldn't help. He said he would talk with his people again and give his recommendations to the property managers. So far, it seems there are fewer fleas than before, but they're still absolutely there. Three sprays total, two of which were paid for by the property managers, and all signs point to the fleas being back to their previous numbers in the apartment in a few days, just after another spray and after nearly a month of thoroughly daily cleaning and vacuuming.
* Yesterday, we ran into the building owner on the way back from the pharmacy. He informed us that according to the pest control company, who told the property managers, who told him (but not us directly), they wouldn't honor a warranty on the spray if the fleas were still there because I didn't move our furniture out of the way of all of the baseboards. This was never communicated to me (in fact, they specifically said we didn't have to move furniture), and while I'm not the one paying for it anymore, they clearly told me this as a way to make me think that it's my fault if we still have fleas, which at this point is beyond absurd. He also posited that maybe the fleas were ""airborne"" and jumping to our building from the one next door, where some tenants have cats. Because that's totally rational.

The bottom line is: as of yesterday, our building owner was telling us that he wants us to be ""comfortable"" and doesn't want us to leave, while still strongly implying that none of this was their fault and that we weren't doing enough to ensure that the fleas would actually be gone. He frequently asks us if we're harboring an animal, even though we're absolutely not. (I haven't informed anyone that we did have that dog visit once, for 30 minutes, 6 months ago, because it should be painfully obvious that the problem had nothing to do with that, and yet somehow I don't think they would respond well to hearing about that.) I informed them that my SO is in pain, with dozens of bites on her legs and thighs and no end to the problem in sight, and they seem to be responding by telling me that if spraying my apartment doesn't cause them to go away, they there's just no way to fix the problem. I also informed them that we have a few weeks more of this before we're gonna move out and find somewhere else to live, but we've been looking and it's extremely slim pickings in our area right now, for obvious reasons. Also, I would feel awful if someone else moved into this apartment and had to deal with this problem, along with a property management company that has no interest in fixing it.

What are my options here? In California, if our apartment has a flea infestation and it's not our fault, aren't they legally responsible for fixing it? Is there any way I could contact the city or the county to force them to actually do something about it? If they just keep blaming us for not ""following the rules"" of the flea spray service, despite not being told about them in the first place, do we have no recourse? And if we do end up moving out and living somewhere without a flea infestation, how can I hold their feet to the fire to ensure that no one else has to deal with this awful problem? (Also, if folks have experience with pest control and dealing with fleas, if we've been sprayed 3 times in 2 months, vacuumed and emptied outside every day, is it still normal to keep seeing fleas all over? Is having some of the baseboards covered really the problem? How are fleas getting in our toilet just minutes after we flush it and see it void of fleas??)

Thank you in advance!

**Edit:** One other question: I've heard that in California you need to give 30 days notice before vacating a unit if the lease is month to month, which ours is. I've also heard that you don't need to give *any* notice if your landlord fails to fulfill legal responsibilities affecting our health and safety as tenants. Would that apply here? Do we need to meet a burden of proof if we leave in fewer than 30 days? How does it work?"
"How to figure out if a domestic abuse charge is on abuser’s record. CA A few years ago, I took a friend to the hospital after her boyfriend beat her up. As mandated reporters, the hospital staff called the police who took photos and recorded a verbal statement from my friend detailing the incident. The cops spoke with me and said a lot of stuff about how they’ll contact the university the abuser attends, etc. but nothing ever happened to him and he still attended the school. Not sure if it matters but I asked the cops if there was any other information I could provide (I knew the guy beforehand) and they wrote my name and number down for any follow up questions. I was never contacted. 

What could have happened and how do I figure out if this is on the guy’s record? He’s applying to graduate healthcare programs and I’m hoping he will be denied future licensure from his previous acts of abuse. From what I know, he has faced no consequences thus far."
"I trolled pedophiles on Omegle. I'm really concerned about getting arrested So I recently discovered via reddit that there is pretty much an undercover pedophile ring on Omegle. I'm a bit of a shit disturber and who better to troll than pedophiles? So maybe about a month ago I was chatting with pedos, wasting their time, pretending to be one of them, pretending to be a kid.

I'm really worried that all of this is really going to make me look like a pedophile and police are going to come arrest me.

Any advice? I can't sleep"
"Is there an offense for faking an emergency? Say me and my wife needed to get somewhere as fast as possible. Let's say she shoves a watermelon up her shirt (pretending she's in labor) and we go 120 mph on interstate with the hazards on.
If we got caught, what would be the offense?"
"Virginia - Definition of Resident verses Guarantor for lease issue Hi,
I'm hoping someone can help me source the definition of a guarantor verses a resident. I'm supposed to be signing a lease on an apartment and a parent is acting as guarantor; the lease includes the parent in the definition of Resident, referred to throughout the contract as those individuals being listed in the definition assigned to Resident. The lease also allows for the owner to provide a jointer agreement for the guarantor to sign and that agreement is not included in the lease contract.
When speaking with the leasing office, we were told that although my parent is signing as a resident and may be reported as a resident according to the policies of other companies and for credit purposes, the leasing agent would be happy to confirm his status as a guarantor upon receiving calls requesting clarification. This sounds as if the legal agreement, despite the leasing agent vouching to the contrary, will make my parent a resident. Is this correct?
I am therefor hoping someone can help me find a legal definition of both resident and guarantor in Virginia law so that I can request the lease be modified to include a guarantor agreement.
TLDR: My parent is being asked to sign my lease as a resident instead of a guarantor; we want to prove that this is not the correct way to have the lease written and request that it be modified accordingly."
"[Australian] All my electronics were seized over a year ago, no word on the return. Never posted before and not sure if it will help but figured why not try.

Background, I am from South Australia and I am 27 years old.

So a bit over a year ago I had the police come to my house with a warrant to search the property, they came inside and took all my electrical devices from computers to phones also my partners and house mates electrical devices.
I was placed under arrest and was released on bail and to appear in court on charges.
Months went by in court and the police said they had no evidence since they are still examining the computer equipment and it can take some time, so we waited about 6-7 months and then my lawyer filed a no case with the judge.
So the police dropped all the charges but explained they would be keeping all the electrical devices until they can examine them and charges will be relayed if anything is found.

So here I am another 7 months after the charges have been dropped and still with none of my equipment back, no charges nothing I could leave the country if I wanted to.

I'm just not sure where to go from here my lawyer has been of little help without me paying more and more money and I don't NEED my stuff back I just want it back so I can sell it all before its worth even less and less.

I did file a complaint with the police ombudsman but was told I still had to wait really and had no choice.

I don't expect this to get any attraction or replies but this is an avenue I didn't explore yet and maybe someone might have some advice for me.

Thanks guys :) "
"Traffic ticket court hearing in 3 days. Procrastinated and now I'm stuck I was speeding in a 55 when I thought it was a 75 and now I have to be in court in 3 days. I emailed a lawyer office awhile back and they were supposed to send me an invoice but I never received one in any email they sent to me. The situation slipped my mind due to work and school and now court is in three days. Could I still contact the office and they take care of it with a waiver of apperience or am I fucked and have to show up now? Showing up to court could make me miss work and lose my job. Any advice here? I need to stop procrastinating!

Edit: I guess I need to mention I live in North Carolina "
"[IA, US] Am I covered by the ADA, and is my employer allowed to discipline me? Yesterday I called into work - with less than two hours notice, as they require - because I had a pretty bad panic attack. I have panic disorder, and ""severe"" generalized anxiety disorder (as a letter from my psychiatrist says). Because of these, I was prescribed Xanax to take as-needed. I took some last night, and I work in a bakery, so I wasn't comfortable going in while that was still in my system. I was told I'd be written up (we have a point system, 4 for not showing up which is probably what this will be, and 8 is termination). In my mind, this is akin to punishing someone because they were hit by a car in some freak accident; completely out of my control, and not something I could've predicted.

I guess my questions are, is this considered a disability under the ADA, and if so, is my employer allowed to use this against me? 

Sorry if this is all over the place."
"Landlord doesn't have mailboxes, anything I can do? I recently moved into a new apartment complex.  When I stopped by to look at the place, I noticed the mailboxes in front of the main building so I didn't think to ask about it.  It's been a week now since I moved in and when I went to go check my mail I couldn't find the mailbox for my apartment number.  I stopped into the office the next day and asked why I didn't have one and they told me that they only have mailboxes for about 1/3rd of the apartments, and that any mail I get will be kept in the office.  

I don't feel comfortable with someone having my mail like that.  And even bigger, the office is closed Sunday/Monday so I can't get in to get my mail on Mondays.  Even bigger are my work hours and actually getting to the office on my working days is extremely difficult.  Is there anything I can do about this?  Apartment is in Joliet, Illinois."
Is a crystal shaped from selenite into almost like a dagger or knife illegal to carry outside in a bag in Canada?  Is a crystal shaped from selenite into almost like a dagger or knife illegal to carry outside in a bag in Canada? Even when the only sharp part is a part of the tip (and what if the tip is actually dull), but not the sides? Would it have to be kept in a sheath when you bring it outside? What if there are charms on the side that prevent it from cutting, even though the sides aren't sharp?
"I’ve paid almost all bills, invested in and supported my girlfriend in a variety of ways for nearly three years under the verbal agreement this was a loan to be paid back. What are my options? Hi r/legaladvice.

First off, I know this was moronic. I’m located in California.

I’ve been paying a variety of bills, career expenses, and just overall supported my girlfriend over the last almost three years. 

We have had a verbal agreement the entire time about this money being paid back. I know I should have had a contract to begin with (and not enabled this at all), but I want to know if there’s anything I can do now that will have a possible avenue to getting some or all of this money back. 

I’ve looked into promissory notes and IOUs but I can’t find anything that makes it clear if these can be signed *after* the loan. I also have no guarantee she will even sign it as I have never broached the subject of a contract. I do have an itemized list of the expenses and their costs down to the dollar.

Thank you."
"Business Partner pocketed money for materials, and used a the company credit card for personal purchases. [KY] Help. I co-owned a handyman LLC in KY with my business partner who mismanaged his money and stole from both the company and myself. We had a company credit card where we both co-signed and money for materials and interest were put into a shared business account, along with extra capital for shared business expenses. Long story short, he used the card to purchase materials for his clients, and stopped putting the money from materials back into the shared account. He has racked up over $7K on the high interest card, and withdrawn the extra capital from the shared account (over 4k) that I personally paid in the past 6 months. I did not have access to the company card statements until recently, when my wife and I sought a new mortgage for a home.

I don't think he has two dimes to his name at the moment, but I don't have extra funds to even pay my taxes now, let alone the business taxes required to file an article of dissolution. What legal steps can I take to protect myself from his irresponsibility, and if anything get my money back."
"Class has been streaming Disney plus to a tv at school. We have been ordered to stop by the school for breaking rebroadcasting guidelines. My class has recently been watching tv on Disney plus on days when we do not have work to do. The teacher is completely okay with it, but the school has informed our teacher that we are no longer allowed to do so because it is considered illegal rebroadcasting. Is there anyone that can help me understand exactly what rebroadcasting is and how watching a show would qualify as rebroadcasting?
State: Georgia"
Hit and run. Vehicle owner denies that he was driving I recently had my parked car hit and totaled, but somehow the other vehicle was able to leave the scene. The police found the vehicle, but the owner says he let some random guy use it and when it was returned, the guy said that he had hit a deer and then a guard rail causing the damage. Police say they can’t charge the owner because he says he wasn’t driving and doesn’t know how to get in contact with the “other guy” that was driving. Is there anything I can do?
"[Maryland] Ex is accusing me of blackmail and theft, threatening to ""take legal action"". I dated a guy for 2 and a half years, then I found out he had been trying to cheat on me and was arranging meetups through tinder. It ended with an angry phone call where I confronted him and although I asked to talk to him again just to clear the air (I was genuinely confused because I hadn't thought he was the cheating type and we had been pretty serious) he ignored my request to have one last talk and didn't make any attempt to get in touch with me for a month. After that month of waiting, I told his best friend that I would no longer be willing to talk to the ex, that there was no possibility of friendship or reconciliation, and that I didn't want my things back from him, I would just re-purchase anything I needed/missed because I would rather do that than have to see the ex again. 

Blackmail:
On a facebook group that we had both been the only members of (we used it to keep in touch during a long distance portion of our relationship) I wrote a letter to my ex explaining how I felt about what happened and said that ""more people will know some truth about you if I see you when you could have avoided it"". This was a threat because I had later found out that my ex lied to many people and me about a number of things such as his uncle committing suicide (no such thing ever happened), and about losing his virginity to me (he had claimed to me and our friends to have been with two girls before me many years ago, I didn't know that was a lie until after the relationship ended). I made the threat because we had many many mutual friends and I didn't want to see him at group events.

Theft:
I never heard from the ex, four months passed. My sister got upset because I had left a lot of things with the ex that we would never see again including some board games that were actually decently expensive ($40-$60). My ex had left a compound bow in my garage and it was still sitting there, I decided to sell it and use the money ($300) to buy back some of the things that I had left with him (shoes, the board games). He also had some cheap furniture of mine so if I need some, I'll use that money to buy it back as well.

For the sake of closure and in response to something I saw my ex write that related to us, I finally talked to the ex. Upon hearing that I couldn't give him back the bow, he threatened 'legal action' and said that he had proof that I 'blackmailed' him and could now add 'theft' to the list of things I'd done due to what happened to the bow.


Is this all really stupid and overblown and a huge overreaction on his part, or is it just me and I should actually feel bad/be worried. We're both in our early 20's.

If I had known he cared about the bow or ever expected it back I wouldn't have sold it, but he never contacted me about it or anything at all, 4 months had passed, and it was just taking up room and I didn't want to eat the cost of the things I had decided to leave with him."
"Excessive speeding by interstate drivers in Australia. In NSW a driver is suspended if they are caught driving 30 km/h over the limit. In VIC, drivers are suspended for driving 25 km/h over the limit. 

So what happens if a NSW licenced driver gets caught doing 26 km/h over the limit, in VIC?"
"Texas - Arrested and ""banned"" from a hotel. Was the cop just trying to scare me? Hey guys, I'll try to keep this short and sweet.  Last year in August I was arrested at a four star hotel in Dallas, Texas for inappropriately touching someone. While I was being arrested one of the police officers told me that I was now banned from coming back to the hotel for five years.  He used a term for this, but I cannot remember what he said exactly.  I've attempted to look up what Texas does about trespassing, but I couldn't really find anything relevant.  Does anybody have an idea about what the cop was talking about? 

tl:dr - Arrested in Texas at hotel, cop told me I was banned for 5 years and used a word for it.  Trying to find more information about it."
"A girl is threatening to beat me and using my nudes as blackmail for contacting the police New York, I'm 17. 

I had a political debate with a girl(17) i know IRL who had an opposing opinion. She started being aggressive and things turned sour when she started posting about me on her snapchat story. She's been threatening to come to my house and beat me and I told her I'd call the police. I have screenshots of her snapchat story where she publicly states ""it's not a threat, it's a promise."" 

After I said that I'm going to contact the police, she started talking to a guy I know. I had a call with this guy (also underage) when I was drunk and he convinced me to expose myself on camera. He took screenshots, my face is not in any of the nudes. The girl somehow managed to get the images from him and now she's threatening posting them if I go to the police. 

I really don't know what to do. Can anyone help me?"
"Question on filing for divorce My wife and I got married and lived in TN. In January my son and I left TN and moved to GA. I was trying to wait 6 months to file here instead of filing in TN and having to drive there. 

But my wife has let me know she’s moving to SC soon. Does this have any impact on if I can file in GA earlier? Or does it not matter and until 6 months of residency in GA I’d have to file in TN no matter what?"
"An employee at my college planned a physical attack on me. College intercepted the attack, and fired the employee, but never told me there had been a plot to hurt me. Sometime this year, an employee at my college in Kansas planned to hurt me (physically). Fortunately, someone discovered the employee's plan and the attack was prevented. But the college kept it quiet. 

I only found out because an another employee accidentally told me. She only told me a little bit before realizing she wasn't supposed to say anything. Absolutely everything I know about the  plan is in the previous paragraph.

I asked a school administrator if the story was true, and they confirmed it was. However, they would not tell me any more details. They said it was confidential and my safety was taken care of.

Is there a way I can learn more details about the attack? Especially when they discovered it?"
"Speeding Ticket Gone Wrong OHIO

My friend, who is under 18, was given a speeding ticket for going 40 mph in a school zone. Except, she wasn’t. 

She went to court today with the evidence that 
1. Our school resource officer was also watching her speed and also clocked her, except he had she was going 20 mph. 
2. She had a signed statement from another student who was driving behind her that said that she was not speeding 
3. Brought her grade cards to show she was a responsible student
4. The officer who clocked her hadn’t started his shift yet, so there was no feasible way he could have tuned their radar as they’re supposed to before a shift. 

After today, she is being sent to trial with a prosecutor and jury. The judge advised her to get an attorney. I KNOW my friend would never speed and that the specific officer has a reputation for things like this. Any advice for her as this case moves forward?"
"Custody papers say dad gets them every weekend. Dad has been out of state and sends grandparents to take care of them. Do we have to let them go with the grandparents? My wife and I have two children. They are my stepchildren and the father and her have been separated for several years. It is apparent to him that fatherhood is a burden and he has relinquished many of his rights with them in order to get his child support minimized.

He is granted custody of them every Friday at 5 PM and then that ends at Monday at 8 PM. For the last 8 weeks however, his parents, their grandparents, have come and picked the two children (age 5 and 7) up instead of the father. When I inquired with where the father was, they told me he was working in another state but “planned to come get them next weekend.”

The custody papers do not make mention of who gets custody on his days in lieu of his absence. All I could find was that in the case of his death, they would be allotted his time. He isn’t dead, he just doesn’t give a shit.

My question is, since the custody papers do not mention his grandparents outside of the issue of his death, do we have to keep giving them up every weekend? And before I am accused of keeping the children away from their grandparents, the grandparents are the ones wanting us not to give them up! They are just as burdened by having to become parents by their own child’s negligence. Please help!"
Mistake in the lease, is it grounds for early termination? I go to Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. I signed a lease with 5 other house-mates which states that we would be provided with 2 parking spaces. However, I sublet my room to another person, and that person had a car, which I assumed was fine because the lease stated we had parking spaces. Once school started we got back and discovered that the house didn't actually have parking spaces, and the landlord said he made a mistake in the lease. Now, my subtenant is threatening to end the lease due to not having parking, and it is too late to find another subtenant as students already have housing. I feel very stressed because I cannot afford two leases at the same time, and I'm not sure what I can do. I want to terminate the original lease due to the lack of parking spaces, but would that be a legally acceptable reason? 
Is it legal to photoshop me naked? -17 year old Help, Im a 17y old girl from Germany. Somebody edited my face onto nudes and spread it around. If you dont look closely you could 100% believe its me in the picture.. I have gotten requests from people for more, luckily schools are closed. Im just scared ny parents will see them, and that i will be looked at as a whore or something. Is it legal for them to edit me in that way, even though im not 18?
Am I legally obligated to pay out of my lease if my landlord changed the locks? I was a student and worked a part time job. When school shut down and my work closed I moved back home to save money. I lived in a house with 2 other roommates. One of them payed the rest of her money immediately. A friend of ours who is still living here with her boyfriend moved into the other room and began paying rent. After over 2 months of being gone I came back to get e rest of my belongings. Upon arriving I found the lock to be changed and anything that was mine had been shoved into a spare room. I was under the impression the new tenants were paying the full rent but she told me that I need to pay the landlord before I leave today. I haven’t heard anything from my landlord since I left and all utilities are in the new tenant’s name. Our lease is supposed to end August 1st and I haven’t paid rent since March, which was when I left. I just don’t see how I’m obligated to pay rent if all of my stuff is removed from the property and I can’t even access the house because they changed the locks? What should I do?
Speeding ticket at 16 Hello, yesterday I was coming home from my girl friends house and on a down hill road I went 75 MPH i  a 45 MPH zone. The officer told me he didn't clock me on the speedometer but put me down at 75 MPH. When he asked me if I knew I was speeding im pretty sure I said yes like a dummy. I live in California and he told me it would not go on my insurance because it was my first offense. What should I do? Is there a way I can pay for the ticket and complete traffic school without my parents knowing?
"Final Paycheck After Layoff is Over 2 Weeks Late (Utah) I was laid off via phone on Wednesday 8/17. I worked a total of 14 hours between Sunday 8/14 and Monday 8/15. I was paid for 73.5 hours on Friday 8/19, which would have been on time if I had continued working there.

It's now two weeks later and they JUST mailed the check for the work performed 8/14 - 8/15. I was under the impression that the deadline to pay me for work performed was today, but it turns out that the ""next payday"" deadline is only applicable in cases of voluntary resignation. Therefore the paycheck for the 73.5hrs was a day late.

[**Under Utah Code Title 34 Chapter 28 Section 5:**](http://le.utah.gov/xcode/Title34/Chapter28/34-28-S5.html)

&gt; 34-28-5.  Separation from payroll -- Resignation -- Cessation because of industrial dispute. 
&gt; 
&gt; (1)	(a)	When an employer separates an employee from the employer's payroll the unpaid wages of the employee become due immediately, and the employer shall pay the wages to the employee within 24 hours of the time of separation at the specified place of payment.
&gt; 

&gt; ...

&gt; (c)	(i)	In case of failure to pay wages due an employee within 24 hours of written demand, the wages of the employee shall continue from the date of demand until paid, but in no event to exceed 60 days, at the same rate that the employee received at the time of separation.
&gt; (ii)	The employee may recover the penalty thus accruing to the employee in a civil action. This action shall be commenced within 60 days from the date of separation.
&gt; (iii)	An employee who has not made a written demand for payment is not entitled to any penalty under this Subsection (1)(c).

I did not file a claim because I was under the impression that they had til today to pay me (it's never really been relevant because I've had about 20 jobs in the last 10 years and this is only the 2nd time I've been fired/laid off). I applied for unemployment on 8/18, so I'm not sure if they can retaliate in a way that would affect my $270/wk UI. I was making $13/hr, so the 14hr check is only worth $182 gross. The one for 73.5hrs was worth ~$1,000.

Do I have any recourse that would be worth burning this bridge?"
My office is being close, i am losing all PTO and being forced into commission pay. What are my options? {IA} Due to covid the insurance agent i work for in iowa has decided to close my branch office. Due to this i am losing ALL PTO and will gain non, and being moved to commission only with a couple hours of pay a day. My question is what are my options? i am essentially being fired, can i decline this new position and claim unemployment? Do i just start looking for a new job now and hope i have enough until i start working again? any and all advice is welcome! I know this is a niche subject but i really do need any advice that people can offer me
"[US-NY] Ensuring Lease Cancellation Location is NY (upstate).

A friend and I began the process to lease a house for college housing. However, because we were unable to find another person to fill the house (as the landlord asked), we mutually agreed over email to cancel the lease. We and our cosigners have signed leases (1 per bedroom), but the landlord/property owner have not signed those leases. We never paid any security deposits, only an application fee. Right now, all we have is their word that they won't execute the lease.

How do we ensure that they do not sign the lease and execute it? Ask and verify that they tore it up? The lease was actually signed via Adobe eVerify/eSign, so it's all digital."
"False accusation of plagerism My school uses turnitin as a anti plagerism software. I submitted a source review in turabian style and it marked my title ""a review of *source name*"" and it marked it as 88% plagerism and thus my professor accuses it of being plagerism. What legal rights do I have to fight this as he is not budging with what turinit is saying because ""the computer isn't wrong"""
"Small question, having problems with my housing authority. I live in New Rochelle NY, westchester county. 

I don't actually know if theres anything i am able to do that's why i am asking. We've been living in the apartment for over 2 and a half years. Our intercom system was non-functioning when we moved in; we would hear it in the apartment but we had to run downstairs to let people in/receive packages. i didn't make any complaints because the executive director kept saying a new system was going to be installed. It took 2 years but it did happen. Our new system sends a phone call to the number on file and it worked for i think 5-6 months. Now we are having the same issue, we receive the call but cannot let anyone in when we press 9 to open the door. It's been like this for over a month now. I've told the office multiple times and they just tell me the company has been informed and they said it should have been taken care of, or try pressing 6 because some people's systems are different. (why would 9 work for 6 months and then be changed to 6 without any notification? i did try every single number including * and # nothing opens the door). I can't run down the stairs every time a UPS/FedEx/USPS worker is waiting downstairs. Sometimes they just walk away and i have to chase them all the way to their truck. This has gotten absolutely idiotic, i'm not going to do this for another 2 years. I called a lawyer and they told me i need to get a ""Order To Show Cause"" but from what i can understand this form is only used when you're already suing someone. if it doesn't work like that i'd appreciate someone explaining it to me.

Another issue is that we were told orally there was a $300 pet deposit which is returned if our pet passes or we get rid of him. Our physical lease—the one we signed—does not say anything about this in the pet policy; it only states how many animals we can have, their size, and our responsibilities on cleanliness. We have paid the deposit, but every time i ask them for the updated pet policy they say they will email it to me or to come back and they never have it and never email it to me. Also every one in the building who has a pet that i have asked about it says they have not paid their $300 which is extremely infuriating. From what i have read, i don't think there's anything i can do besides keep bothering them ,i guess, since i paid it which is me agreeing to the verbal agreement. It is listed separately on the rent bill as a ""Pet Deposit"" paid monthly instead of a lump sum.

P.S. The building is considered sub-standard housing because it fails its yearly HUD inspections and has one or more violations that are considered ""life threatening"". I don't know if this is relevant in a lawsuit. I personally would like to know what these ""life threatening"" violations are because I have no way of finding them out, I think.

tldr: My intercom system doesn't work, is their any legal action i can take to make my housing authority fix it? I agreed to a verbal pet deposit and paid, they refuse to give me the updated physical pet policy, can i force them to give me to paper work or get my deposit back?"
"[LA County] A gym member threatened physical harm, police help desk said this wasn't criminal. Why? Today at the gym one of the members got angry at me for using equipment for too long. I was not rude to him and asked him if he wanted to work in. He went onto a rant whilst cursing about how I was hogging equipment. I told him to speak to the front desk if he had issues with me. 

At this point he closed distance between myself and him to the point where he was only a foot away from me. He stared me down and I didn't move. He said that if I kept yapping my mouth he would see me outside.

I told this to the non emergency line of my local police department and the help desk person said this isn't criminal and that they can't do anything about it. I was too shocked/stupid to ask why this wasn't criminal. Can anyone explain why? Is it because he didn't explicitly say that he would harm me?

 I'm afraid of going back to the gym lest he sees me. I spoke to the manager and she said that that kind of behavior cannot be tolerated and if he says something like that to me again I should report it to her once more. I don't want this to escalate and I don't want to have to report his threats again because he may follow through with it. Any advice on what I should do?"
"How to sue your former guardian for custody of siblings? (Oregon) Hi, I’m an 18 year old in Oregon. I was kicked out at 15, emancipated and graduated high school at 16, and am in college currently. My birth mother collected child support from my dad for 18 months that she did not have physical custody of me, but I haven’t found a clear avenue to start a case there yet so I haven’t. 

She has custody of my sister and two brothers. Brothers are 15 and 7 almost 8, sister is 10. She has a history of negligence and has had minor DHS involvement before. 

I have only stayed in contact with my oldest of the 3 younger kids. I found out recently though that he is currently in a juvenile corrections facility because he shot our youngest brother in the chest with a BB gun (which isn’t safe to surgically remove I guess because it’s close to his heart). The thing is, he shouldn’t have had access to any of those or any other weapons because they were in a safe at our (nearby) grandparents’ house. He has known autism and anger management issues and has been in therapy longer than I have. I was told that the other adults around him “believed he was responsible enough to handle” the weapons. No child is. There was a complete lack of supervision and oversight. I have seen this often. Bio parent would work graveyard shifts and sleep during the day expecting me to watch the kids while I was in middle and high school. So it is typical behavior of her. He had unrestricted access to weapons and was left unsupervised. I strongly doubt he knew what the impact of his actions would be. The younger two aren’t very well behaved because they have zero discipline in the house and community members have told me they’ve spotted them in stores and such crawling around on the ground while bio parent walks ahead obliviously. It’s disgusting. 

I guess, what I want to know is, how do I go about creating a case? I know I’m not capable of taking all three of them right now, but eventually I want to. I’ll have to fight both their parents for that though (they’re my half siblings). But if my brother is currently incarcerated how will that impact this? Do I have valid reason to say I don’t believe the children are safe with her because of this incident? She’s an LPN and doesn’t get medical care for them. (Other than for my sister who has a rare condition not unlike mine). She has been a hoarder for years and the condition of the house is absolutely disgusting. She has hired live-in help that clearly hasn’t stopped anything. I have a way to keep him in his school, get him back into therapy at the place he went as a kid close to me, and have lots of support and provider resources at my disposal. She has...not much. Income wise she does better than I do, but not for long. 

I’ve been dreaming of going through with this for years, I just need to plan carefully and know what steps to take."
"Part 2: Much more detail. Ex-stepfather died and laywer's office feels shady. Lawyer's paralegal is his executor and also had power of attorney. Thank you to those who gave me some initial advice in performing more due diligence and seeking an attorney prior to looking for assistance. I'd like to now provide some additional background information and major discoveries from today.

This is in the state of Georgia.

My mother and ex-stepfather (SF) divorced approximately ten years ago. I maintained a relationship with SF over the years and while we didn't see each other often, we didn't keep in touch to check in on each over through phone. The middle of last year SF out of nowhere said it was important to meet him for dinner to discuss some things. Upon meeting SF I saw that he was in incredibly poor health. He let me know that he is likely to pass at any moment, and told me that in his will, other than a boat which is to be given to a boating club he was a part of, I am the beneficiary for all assets. I continued to check in on him over the next weeks and months.

After Christmas I got a call from SF where he admitted to me that despite always telling me he was always great, he was now in an assisted living facility. He was crying on the phone telling me the facility was forcing him to leave and asked that I help get him and his things home. On December 28th morning I picked him up from the facility. He's now in a wheelchair, can barely move, and it turns out he had suffered a stroke at some point. 

I took him to get groceries which he got cash for from the bank, later learning was from a trust belonging to his mother's estate. When we get to his home he suddenly tells me he has soiled himself and begins to break down crying about how he doesn't know what to do, he's scared of dying, etc. This turns into a big ordeal where I realize he has no ability to take care of himself, should have never left the home, and now family and friends are coming over to help. He reaches out to a nurse who took care of his father, who agrees to care for him at his home for a few days while we figure out how to get him back into a facility. During all of this I find a copy of his will and ask if I can take the copy with me, which he says yes to. Upon reading the will is when I discover that his estate attorney has both health and financial power of attorney, and the attorney's paralegal is to be the executor of the will.

On December 30th I meet with the estate attorney in his office to discuss what my girlfriend can do to help get his health and finances in order to help ease his mind, stress, and overall health. Rather than ever discussing anything that can really be done, they tell me they'll handle it and the paralegal constantly stresses about how he needs to accept Medicaid to get back into a home, that he has no money, is in a ton of debt, should have absolutely not have taken any cash out of the trust, etc. etc. During the conversation the attorney leaves, telling my girlfriend and I that he is going to talk to SF to talk him into accepting Medicaid so that he can get into an assisted living facility. Because they have the power of attorney I ask that they please update my girlfriend and me on any health, facility changes, etc. that may occur so that we can help wherever possible.

I never heard from them again. On April 24th my girlfriend gets a text from my mother asking if we knew that SF had passed. We were both shocked and looked to discover that he passed on March 30th. I immediately begin texting the paralegal who had given me her contact information, the conversation is posted in my original post. 

Now today. We put in a request to determine if probate was filed so that we can confirm the attorney is doing their part and to compare the will to the copy I have. Probate was filed on April 16th. However, the will is not what I had a copy of. The will filed now stated that other than the boat, all assets after debts are paid are to be given to THE PARALEGAL OF THE ATTORNEY. The date of this new will, December 30th. The day we were in their office that morning and the attorney stated he was leaving to go talk to SF. I am appalled and now doing everything I can to find legal consultation quickly, because this attorney's office is so far ahead of us in this crooked game they are playing. 

Some additional notes as I've continued to do digging.

1.  As mentioned, SF suffered a stroke and movement was incredibly hindered. He could not feed himself. On the new will, none of the initialing on pages are anything close to resembling the initialing on the copy I have. Makes sense because of the stroke. HOWEVER, the signature itself is very very close. It makes no sense that SF could not manage to be consistent with signing his initials, but his full signature was nearly spot on.

2. They told me Sf should not have taken money out of the mother's estate because it wasn't completely settled, that there was one additional person they couldn't make contact with. I would imagine an attorney would have unlimited resources in being able to make contact with someone, especially if they're due inheritance of some kind.

3. If SF is in insurmountable debt which assets will never cover, there's no estate to take out of, etc. Why would they want to be the beneficiary of everything which supposedly doesn't exist? I feel that they were intentionally misleading on finances.

4. Today I also found out the estate attorney was involved in an insurance fraud scheme involving millions of dollars, which resulted in a settlement after a lawsuit was filed.

I am continuing to do as much research as I can as I seek legal consultation, currently reading about undue influence. Any additional advice, ideas, preparation, due diligence to do, that can be sent my way to be prepared for the battle ahead of me is very much appreciated.

Thank you."
California- we have been renting with an annual lease for four years. We’re trying to buy a house this year so don’t want to sign a new lease, but want to go month to month. Can the landlord evict us under the new tenant protection laws Last year we asked if we could just go month to month, and they said no, and we didn’t push it.  This year, we really would like to stay here until we are able to buy and then give a 30 day notice when we buy a house. we aren’t sure how the new tenant protection laws affect this. We are planning on consulting with an attorney closer to the end of the lease (unless we are able to buy before then), but I want a head start.
"Fraudulent Charges by Car Rental Company I visited my parents in Boston over the Labor Day weekend.  I rented a car, as I usually do.  I'm cheap, so I used Payless.  Agreed-upon rate was ~$190 for the weekend.  I picked up the car on Friday August 29th, returned it very early on Tuesday September 2nd.  

It was 4:30 AM when I returned the car.  Unlike other companies at Logan Airport, Payless doesn't staff their return line overnight.  It's a secured garage that all the companies share, though, with no-exit spikes at the entrance and monitored exits.  I took a few photos to be sure they wouldn't try to claim damage, and got to my flight.

A month later, my credit card was charged ~$900 by Payless.  Apparently they failed to check in the car until September 26th.  I was being charged for a month-long rental.  I complained on their help forum.  The people there asked me to upload evidence of my return.  I uploaded my boarding pass, evidence that I live in Chicago, and the photos I'd taken.  They apologized and reversed the charge.

Another month later, they charged my card ~$900 again!  I went through the same process with their help forum, but didn't receive any reply.  I opened a complaint with Chase (my credit card), and within a few days they had credited me the balance, minus what I actually owed Payless.

Fast-forward another month, and I've just received a collections letter from Payless.  

I'm interested in the Reddit-mind's advice on how to proceed.  Respond with evidence?  Lawyer up?  Ignore it?  I have an excellent (800+) credit rating that I'd like to protect.  I also don't want to spend a lot of time dealing with these jokers.  Sux.  Thanks!
"
"DHS called me for the third time this year about my daughter and her mother. D=Daughter 
M= Mother of Daughter

Back story. I'm 21, and my daughter is 3, we had her in high school and I fought for rights a couple times and I get visitation and 2 video calls a week since she (D and M) live across the country.

I live in Iowa
M and D live in NM. 

Over the past year, I've gotten 3 phone calls from DHS saying they were doing an investigation into alleged child neglect and possibly abuse. This last call was yesterday and it sounds like the most serious. They want to do a ""Family Conference"" and want DHS to come to my house and do a home inspection. They asked me about my work, my parents work (I live with them), if I were to take D, and multiple other questions about D staying here. But they never specified what happened to begin an investigation, which scares the hell out of me.

4 days ago I got an ubrupt email from M saying D is coming in a couple days and that I can have her for a couple weeks, so I have D right now here in Iowa. 

I'm asking for advice on what a family conference is, what questions I need to ask DHS, do I need to keep D here until the investigation is over, and if there is any legal things I need to know in advance? I'm Honestly scared due to them hesitating on why the began an investigation and what they know."
"My dad is “dead” according to social security and may be a fugitive. So my dad has been “dead” since 2008. But he had the same job this whole time so it was never really a problem. 

He lost his job a few days ago and he’s nearing 70. So I want to try and get him unemployment or retirement. 

But I’m afraid I could trigger something that’ll get him arrested. He was in the mafia in the 60’s, and took off when the fbi started closing in. He’s lived peacefully and has been a law abiding person that pays their taxes. Albeit in possibly a fake identity. 

If I apply for retirement for him, what will they check? Will people still be looking into cases from the 60’s?

I am in United States, the state shouldn’t matter."
"Cloning my own phone? FTP, LTL, on mobile, etc. Relevent info: I live in Arizona, if state laws apply. Sorry if this is a dumb question, but my best friend (Google) isn't being very helpful

I recently obtained a new iPhone, and I'm really excited to use it along side my Android, so that I can use both Android and iOS apps, and use the Android as my main phone and Apple to control my Spotify and music and maybe sending texts every now and then (since my AirPods work better with my iPhone, but my Android's screen is larger and easier to use). The problem I have is that I only have one SIM card, so only one phone can access the Internet and send texts, etc at a time. I have multiple (old) SIM cards, and had the brilliant idea of overwriting the old SIM card's data with my new SIM card, so that both phones could use the same line, through a process called cloning, that way I can avoid fumbling with SIM cards and syncing messages and whatnot--both phones would receive the messages from my carrier (I'm a techie, so I could figure that out without a problem). However, this process is also used by criminals to intercept texts coming from another phone, and as a result is outlawed under the Wireless Telephone Protection Act, which prohits ""knowing using, producing, trafficking in, having control of or custody of, or possessing hardware or software knowing that it has been configured to insert or modify telecommunications identifying information associated with or contained in a telecommunications instrument so that such instrument may be used to obtain telecommunications service without authorization."" IANAL, but the only texts I would intercept would be my own, I own both devices and all the SIM cards, and I also am the sole owner of the account with my carrier, so the question I would like to pose is: do I need any further ""authorization"" to proceed, or does this law also forbid cloning my own phone?  Idk if it's important, but I use a prepaid T-Mobile, and have full ownership of both devices.

Edit: added some words n stuff"
"[CO] Employer signed a statement saying he would make me a contractor in March and is now not following through. I have worked at this company since September of 2013. In February this year, I let my boss know that I was going to be moving to Ireland in September. In March, we agreed that I would telecommute at that time as a contractor, and he wrote a two-line letter for me simply saying: ""Goatsnboots has been working for us since 2013. During her stay abroad in Ireland, she will be working remotely for us 20-25 hours a week at $X per hour for a total of $Y-$Y monthly."" There's no letterhead (it's a tiny company), but he did sign it. 

We worked out that my last day as an employee would be August 31st. On August 29th, I wrote a resignation letter saying the following: ""I am leaving [company] as an employee to become a contractor instead. My last day as an employee will be Wednesday, 8/31/16."" 

Boss told me he'd have the contractor agreement ready for me to sign before I left. He didn't and then said he'd have it by that Friday. Every other day or so since then, I've been checking in. He keeps saying he'll get the agreement to me soon. At this point it's likely that he lied to me about the whole thing and never planned on making me a contractor.

What are my options now that I am abroad? A huge part of the problem is that the letter from him is the major reason I was able to get a visa, so it's like he's committed fraud against Irish immigration. I am planning on sending him one last email tomorrow (Monday) with a copy of his signed letter asking him one more time for the contractor agreement. If he refuses to follow through, is this something a lawyer could handle for me as I'm out of the country? The amount he owes me is about $13,000 which was supposed to paid over several months. "
"FL - Furnished apartment, furniture is falling apart, unsafe. Chair shattered. What do we do? As the title says. Rented the place furnished, the furniture is very well worn and the dining room chairs are simply falling apart. When we moved in we set one aside because it felt way too rickety to be safe. Landlord is aware. I have plenty of photos from walk through and move in day. Nothing has been done. Last night, my roommate (not heavy by any means) sits down on one of the other chairs and it simply falls apart. Wood splinters, legs ripped off, everything. We knew it was only a matter of time, but we are absolutely not allowed to move any furniture and have nowhere to store this stuff to bring in any of our own. I have asked in the past. 

I have been having trouble finding any laws regarding FURNISHED apartments and there is nothing in our lease that helps with this situation. I searched Florida law and found nothing pertaining to furnished units specifically. For clarity, this is a condo that is owned by the landlord and managed by a property management company. We have only communicated with the management company and the landlord, so far, has pretty much refused to fix anything and has not been transparent about repair costs. Hence why I have not done anything about the furniture yet. I am at a loss here."
Would my University be forced to give my transcript with an automatic stay from filing ch.7 bankruptcy I'm not trying to actually win the actual case to discharge my debt and am aware of it being on my record for 10 years. I'm only looking to get an automatic stay in the cheapest and quickest way possible if it will actually allow me to get my transcripts so that I can transfer universities for the upcoming fall semester. I can't afford to put my education on hold any longer to pay off the 20,000 tuition and other fees +5,000 private loans through the University (non-federal). If filing will give me transcript, how can I go about doing so with the courts shut down?
"Rear-ended and insurance wont repair certain items citing them as normal ""wear and tear"" hello all,

&amp;#x200B;

we were rear-ended not too long ago and once we received the car from the shop last week, there was still a loud knocking in the back whenever we drove over bumps and returned the car within 30 mins to the shop. they said that they'll take a look at it and came to the conclusion that the shocks were broken and that they'll get a supplemental claim thru over the weekend, and to return the car monday(today). now we are being told that shocks werent broken from the accident and that it was regular ""wear and tear"" and that now we have to pay for the repairs. Is this true? Or is the insurance company just trying to save a few bucks?"
"[Washington] Speeding ticket- 28mph over in 60mph zone I'm 19 years old and I received my second speeding ticket yesterday around 11pm, first one was in the summer. A female cope pulled me over and stated I was going 88mph in a 60mph on the I5 freeway in Pierce County.

I was driving along the freeway and noticed a cop's lights turn on briefly up ahead. I began to slow down but I guess I was still speeding. I drove past where I thought I had seen the cop's lights, there were three cars pulled over, and it was dark so I didn't notice if there was a cop around. But as soon as I drove by I got pulled over. Now I have no idea how fast I was going, but as soon as I saw the cop's lights turn on I began to slow down and saw that my speed was around 70mph. I don't think I was going 28mph over, but the cop also said she was slowing me down because I was speeding past one of her fellow cops (supposedly on of the three cars pulled over).

My parents handled my first ticket, but they're away right now and want to handle as best as I can on my own. I have no idea what the what all the numbers mean on ticket, what I should research, or if it's a good idea to challenge the ticket in court?

Can anyone help? 

Thanks!



**Update/ Clarification:** In this scenario there were two cops. One WITHOUT his lights on pulled over next to two other cars, and the one that pulled me over. For the first cop, I saw his lights on briefly, but as I approached where I thought I saw them, they were off. To me I just saw three cars pulled over, I didn't see light or a police logo as I drove by because it was dark.

Looks like I worded my story bad, but I didn't speed past a cop with his lights on.


Also, I had my hopes up for going to court and hoping for the cop either not showing, not having evidence of a tuned SMD, etc. Just something that would get me out of this. Thanks for all those who commented, after a nights rest and thinking this through, I plan on paying for this ticket and learning from my mistake rather than trying to slither out.

Thanks"
"Do I have enough evidence to break my lease early? I live in some apartments in Texas. The maintenance service here is terrible. These apartments are from the 80s and if I had known about all the infrastructure problems I would have never moved in.  


Not too long ago, the ceiling in the master bathroom caved in from a leak in the upstairs neighbors bathtub. I submitted a service request, but knowing how terrible they are, I also read the lease and followed the directions to send a certified letter outlining the need for repairs. According to the lease, if I do this, they have to fix it within the week. This was done.  


Now here's where I may have screwed myself, but I'm not sure. I was trying to be clever.   
There is also another leak in the apartment in our second bedroom. We have submitted a few service requests to have this fixed as the wall above the window where the leak is is cracked and starting to mold.  


So when I sent the certified letter, I stuffed the request for repairs for the bathroom AND the request for repairs for the second leak. Only one has been addressed. If I'm right, this gives me enough legal recourse to break my lease early.   


However, I'm worried that if it came down to it, the property manager could have just thrown out the second letter and claim it was not included. It would then be my word against theirs and I have no proof that it was included other than printing both out and having the single work document file with both letters included.   


Did I screw up by not sending the letters separately? We have already prepared to move out at the end of our lease, but it would be so satisfying to be able to stick it to this property and leave a little early with no penalty. 

&amp;#x200B;

BTW, icing on the cake (for a little more info with the caliber of service we're dealing with). The ceiling above the tub in our SECOND bathroom started leaking not too long after they fixed the first problem. I shit you not, at this moment there is cardboard nailed on the ceiling where the leak was and they have not returned."
"Concerned about Work Breaks First off, apologies if the flair is wrong; I was a bit uncertain if this is worker's rights or employment law, as this isn't a union position. 

I am a resident of Washington state, for reference. 

I work 10 hour shifts at a desk, an office job basically. My employer currently provides us with one break at whatever time we choose to take it, a 30 minute paid break. That is our ""lunch"" break -- but it's the only break we get all day. They say it works out because it's our two required 15 minute paid breaks, but put together as a lunch. 

Isn't a 10 hour shift legally required to have 2 paid breaks and 1 *separate* lunch break? Or is it fine to be put together like that? Looking into it, I found that it might be acceptable due to not being required to go on a break to do things like go to the restroom, walk away for quick phone calls, or grab something small to eat. I'm just looking for some clarification! 

Thanks!"
Landlord is making us pay two weeks early because my boyfriend quit his job, is this legal? (US- Indiana) His boss called our landlord because he put in his two weeks and now our landlord is telling us we have to pay early. We have a system where we use both of our paychecks for the last two weeks to pay our rent but now he’s demanding we pay two weeks early, is that legal? Please help.
"[Wisconsin] I am being evicted from my apartment and I have two roommates that are not going to pay the electric,internet bill, and rent. Need help drafting letter to take them to small claims. So I am going to cover all the fees because I don't want it to affect my credit score. How would I go about drafting a letter so they are still accountable for 1/3 the payments each. 

I will be paying $850 for the rent (which should be $285 3 ways)

Remaining electric $65 

Remaining internet $50 

 "
"Severance package Started a job 7 months ago in Silicon Valley (Mountain View, CA), position (and department) has since been shifted and restructured. Will be receiving a severance package, but I want to know if it is within my rights to receive my quarterly bonus (from last quarter) as part of my package, as well as the hiring bonus I got for bringing on a developer. Also, what happens to my stock options? They were supposed to mature on month 12.

Just trying to get a handle on what to expect, and what I could negotiate for within the package. Thanks in advance!

Edit: wasn't 100% sure which flair to post this under, let me know if I should change it."
"Noise Complaint issues in Tennessee I have had issues with my neighbors since the day they moved in above me. They let their kid and her friends run all over the apartment, they slam cabinets, stomp whenever they walk, and their walking is so loud it’s woken us up from sleep during quiet hours.

It has gotten out of hand. We have knocked on their door and asked politely to keep the noise down, reported them to the landlord upwards of fifteen times, written emails, and banged on the ceiling countless times. The situation is only getting worse. We are miserable and exhausted. We no longer enjoy even being in our home. I’ve had neighbors over me before and it was nothing like this.

What are my legal rights as a tenant? Does the landlord have to evict or give them a cure or quit after awhile?"
"(TX) Speeding Ticket and Awful Attorney. NEED ADVICE Hey all, I am 19 and recently (this month) received a speeding ticket for 83 in a 50. It was a Toll Bridge that people drive around 70 on constantly, and I wasn’t paying attention and got caught in a speed trap.

In Texas, you are not allowed to do driver safety, or a ton of other options if the ticket was 25+ miles per hour over the speed limit. This is my first ticket, and since I drive a Red Camaro under my parents insurance policy, I really cannot afford this to be on my record.

Anyways, I did not want my parents to find out, at all costs. They can see my bank account etc, I just don’t want them to find out, i’ve always been a safe and responsible driver, no accidents or anything like that. I paid an attorney $75 to appear in court for me, and try and get the ticket off of my record. Instead, they sent me an Appeal Bond letter in the mail.

Now, I don’t speak legal blah blah, but from my understanding they want me to pay DOUBLE the ticket price to appeal what? What is an appeal bond entail from a traffic ticket? Am I really looking to spend double my ticket, plus attorney fees, and not even be guaranteed any sort of outcome? Should I attempt to find a different attorney and bite the bullet on their fee, or go to the courts myself and attempt to plea to the judge to give me sympathy. Any and all advice regarding this would be great."
"Arrest Warrant Recently Put Out On Good Friend   TL;DR : AT BOTTOM!

  Reside in CT, same state where warrant is issued, and would appreciate everyones thoughts and opinions in regards to a tough spot someone I care about has been put in. 

  My friend Zay found out yesterday he has a warrant for arrest on him, with a $5,000 bond set. This all stems from an incident late last year, around November, where Zay and another friend of ours, Dae, fucked up. Zay has given me the rundown more than once so all events are accurate. 

  Zay and Dae were out of work and riding home. Dae mentions he has to cash his paycheck but his bank isnt around or open. Dae asks to deposit the check into Zays account and he obliges. Zay logs in to his account at his bank they were next to and proceeds to let Dae deposit check, approximately $450, into Zays account. Dae takes out said money in cash and all is well. 

  Fast forward to roughly a month ago when Zay is contacted by police officer over phone. Officer states that the check was stolen and he has the video of both guys at ATM. Zay briefly states he was unaware that said check was stolen and not much else. Officer tells him to call next week to set up a time to come down to station and talk. Zay later on catches up with Dae, who is already aware cops are involved. Dae tells him relax, he will take the blame and explain it to the officer. Shortly thereafter he has talked to the cop and stated Zay did not know the check was stolen and took none of the money, he was clueless about all it. Dae heads to police station and surrenders, posts bond and pays the money back. Zay said he figured it was settled so he moved on and did not contact police. 

  Now, just yesterday, he gets a phone call from officer telling him about the warrant and bond. Zay is confused and cop quickly tells him to just come down to station to turn yourself in. Zay tells him “OK” and that he will get a bondsman for himself. I tell Zay to get a lawyer, which he is currently in search of right now. I just don’t understand why Zay is being charged if his friend already copped to it and paid the money back. Also, I cannot find this guys warrant anywhere! Ive looked all over and cant find it, is there actually a warrant? I assume so, just not public info. Told him a lawyer can handle finding that shit out but I guess he is having a harder time than imagined finding a reasonably priced lawyer. 

  Anybody got any experience with this sort of situation? Any advice, concerns, general observations to be aware of? I told Zay getting a lawyer before turning yourself in is the best plan but im not sure if he has the dough for one, plus the $500 bail. Any thoughts are greatly appreciated!!

TL;DR : Friend list his boy deposit stolen check into his bank account without knowing it was stolen. Cops caught up, but his boy said it was on him and turned himself in while paying money back. Now out of the blue my friend has a warrant for arrest and $5,000 bond set. He is looking for lawyer now. Any advice?"
My coworker tested positive for COVID-19 and I was not told. A fellow coworker I work very close to often has tested positive for COVID-19 and my bosses never told me. They said that someone in the company tested positive but did not specify which department or who it was. I found out very recently who it was from another coworker who is friends with this person. Before this discovery I have visited my ill grandfather and little sister. This makes me very angry. I understand patient confidentiality but was my boss legally obligated to disclose that I had come in contact with a Covid patient?
"[VA] Wanting to Break a 12mo Lease; Landlord Demanding Different Terms of Severance My husband and I have been renting an apartment on a 12-mo lease for the past few years. We just renewed the lease last month. When we signed, the communicated penalty for breaking the lease was forfeiture of our deposit.

I just got a new job, and we need to move. When I called the landlord to inform them we intended to break the lease early, the person who answered the phone said it was his understanding that we'd just forfeit the deposit (which aligned with our understanding as well). I told him that was understood and that we still wanted to move forward.

Shortly after, he called back and said that, in addition to forfeiting the deposit, we'd also have to pay the rent on the property until a new tenant was found. I replied that I didn't believe this provision was outlined in the lease agreement and that I would look it over to make sure.

Looking it over, I don't see that provision outlined anywhere in any severance clause.

I called back yesterday and got a different person. This person was incredibly rude and insisted that this new demand would be enforced despite its not being enumerated in the contract as the lease is 12-month term with no contractual option of severance. 

I'm not sure how to proceed on this. Obviously I have no intention of paying for an apartment I'm not living in. Do they have any legal footing on this at all? I uploaded a copy of the lease to look over (http://tinyurl.com/j2xqghr). Any help or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!"
"Today I got hit by a vehicle while riding my bike. The driver was not insured. What should I do Location: Portland OR. 

I was riding my bike to work in a designated bike lane when a vehicle right hooked me (i.e. made a right turn crossing into the bike lane).  I don't remember exactly what happened, but from the witnesses account I slid up on the hood, so I got hit from the side which didn't really leave me any time to react as I didn't even see the vehicle turning. Luckily the driver stopped, but unluckily neither she nor the vehicle were insured. 

Someone called 911 and the police were there to record the incident, but there wasn't much they could do. I declined an ambulance ride after being informed the driver was not insured, so the driver's boyfriend arrived on the scene to take me to the ER and my bike to the bike shop. They reluctantly offered to pay for the damages to my bike, but whether they come through with that is still to be determined. The shop can only give an estimate up front and you pay when it's done....they refused to write me a check to cover the estimate. Right now I'm just hoping they stick to their word on that one. 

I have good health insurance so most of my ER visit was covered, but I will still owe $250. Aside from a couple bumps and bruises I am ok. But I may need more treatment down the road for my back and neck as I got some pretty good whiplash during the incident which may lead to more medical expenses. I did not talk to them about covering any of my medical expenses yet, but I don't feel like I should be responsible for paying those expenses and would like to approach them about it. Currently I'm just not sure what my best course of action is there. 

All in all we are probably looking at $750 - $1200 in damages. You would hope that they are of good enough character to take ownership and pay for the damages, but I don't have very high expectations of that happening. What should I do now? What should I do if I'm stuck paying for the bills? Should I consider a lawsuit? The didn't quite appear to have much financial stability, so the officer basically said it wasn't worth it. 

Anyone have any suggestions? 


"
"[MA] I reported my employer to the Commission Against Discrimination. Please advise. I was hired at this cafe about a year ago. The owner, my boss, knew about my disability due to mental health issues from early on.   
   
   
I was promoted very quickly to a shift leader and gained more responsibility. I warned my boss as my health deteriorated that I would need to schedule time to go away to heal. I was struggling with a severe eating disorder , PTSD, and suicidal major depression.   
  
  
Some things changed at work and I noticed I was being treated more coldly by management. Not too long after. I ended up in the hospital before I could schedule the time off. I was suicidal, after all...    
   
&amp;nbsp;  
  
My boss was informed where I was, how long I’d be gone, my plans for the future, etc.   
  
The responses became more and more cold, but eventually when I got out of true hospital I went to work and talked face to face. Everything she said to me implied that they were happy to have me back and that my job was still waiting for me once I was ready.   
  
&amp;nbsp;  
  
After I finished my intensive outpatient therapy, I let my boss know I was ready to be scheduled. Everything she and the other manager said implied they’d have me on call this past weekend and I’d be put on schedule when there was room... when the schedule came out I wasn’t even listed, so I texted my boss to inquire if I could post in our work messenger asking to pick up shifts. She said not to post, and that they were fully staffed.  
  
[I asked if I should seek alternative work and was told yes.](https://imgur.com/a/aiOkwQX) - (gallery of texts)  
  
&amp;nbsp;

Now that I’ve filed this grievance and informed they “hr” of my filing, I’ve been removed from the work messaging app and probably lost other permissions I once had... the thing is, I still haven’t quit my job! So what recourse do I have, as well as what should I do while not working? I’m on disability so
Idk if I can even ask for unemployment. Thanks all."
"Employee Relocation Agreement Advice (Texas), planning on leaving my current employer. After a short 6 months at my current employer, I am planning on leaving and was looking for some perspective as to what I am actually legally obligated to pay them back when I leave. Based on the formatting and language, I believe I am not required to pay back the licensing/tuition portion they had covered from my previous employer (i.e., only ""relocation expenses"").

My office resides in the state of Texas; however the headquarters is in Michigan.

The separate offer letter states that Texas law governs the agreement. This legal document does not detail this, but does have the TX office location within the header.

The format provided below and language is exactly as displayed in the document. The only difference being the location, licensing description, my name, the employer's name, and the omitted dates and dollar values. Given the way things have played out during my employment and my currently dwindling sanity, I am ready to leave the company with bad blood (this will be a first).

&amp;nbsp;

Thank you for your help!

&amp;nbsp;

**Employee Moving Incentives and Relocation Agreement – John Doe**

This agreement is entered into between John Doe and Your New Employer, Inc. (YNE) effective XX/XX/2016 and will be implemented upon your arrival in Neverland – anticipated on XX/XX/2016. The agreement addresses your move to the Neverland office, Firm benefits, and payment of your relocation expenses – including transportation to Neverland, and reimbursement of miscellaneous costs.

&amp;nbsp;

**Incentives and Benefits**

1. You will be reimbursed up to $X,000 to offset the cost of any unforeseen expenses resulting from your move to Neverland. Only typical moving related expenses will be reimbursed, please see the Human Resource department with questions on any specific item if not sure.

2. You will be reimbursed up to $X,000 in order to offset the cost of paying your former employer back the tuition for your Pokémon Master Licensing program.

3. You will be eligible to participate in the Neverland office performance bonus plan. The bonus plan is discretionary and can be up to XX% of your base salary.

4. You will receive a total of X weeks paid time off (PTO)

5. You will receive XX hours of flex time that can be used during the fiscal year.

**Relocation of Household Goods**

1. YNE will pay the costs of relocating your household goods to Neverland. YNE will choose a carrier and make the arrangements to ship your household goods to Neverland. You will be responsible to pack your household goods and prepare them for loading and transport. You will also be responsible for unpacking those household items in your new home location in Neverland. You will be responsible for any additional costs not included in the original quote that you request the movers to do on your behalf.

2. YNE will pay or reimburse the transportation costs related to traveling to Neverland – either via public
transportation such as by airplane or by driving your private vehicle. Please see the Human Resource
department for flight and travel arrangements. Reimbursement of costs related to driving your personal vehicle will be made according to the mileage guidelines established by the IRS.

3. In the event you do not remain in the employment of Your New Employer, Inc. you will be required to repay to YNE a pro-rated portion of the relocation related expenses. YNE will prorate the amount for repayment according to the following schedule:

- 100% of relocation related expenses must be repaid if you leave the firm before the end of the first year of this signed agreement (or before XX/XX/2017).

- 75% of relocation related expenses must be repaid to YNE if you leave the firm before the end of the second year of this signed agreement (or before XX/XX/2018).

- 50% of relocation related expenses must be repaid to YNE if you leave the firm before the end of the third year of this signed agreement (or before XX/XX/2019).

You understand that this agreement is not an employment contract or a guarantee of continued employment. Additionally, this agreement does not change your at-will employment status.
Please review and sign the document below indicating that you have read the Agreement and accept and agree to the provisions it contains and hereby execute it voluntarily, with full understanding of its consequences.

&amp;nbsp;

John Doe: x_____________________				
YNE: x_____________________
"
"Can I add any rules I see fit to a Sublease? I currently sublet a bedroom in my house to an old friend of mine. He has recently become very aggressive and intimidating in how he treats me and will harass me with constant, belligerent texts of belittling me and calling me the most inappropriate things anyone ever has. He's also refusing to pay utilities or give back signed documents he took from me. I even filed a restraining order against him because I'm too scared to be home around him. But it was dismissed because he didn't ""hit me."" (Not sure why you can file harassment orders then?)

So I want to make this kind of behavior grounds for eviction under the 30 days notice. Because it is literally illegal. But can I legally do this? Add eviction stuff like this to a Sublease and they have to abide if they sign?

Thanks!"
"Education centre (England) removing students from a course simply for raising concerns Hi, I'll try to put as much relevant info as I can to help people understand the situation, but please don't hesitate to ask for any clarification / further info.

I started a course at a further education centre, it's difficult to find out exactly what it's classed as - it's not a uni, and I don't think it's a college - they are a charity. They do all sorts of adult learning courses and the one I went for was counselling.

The standard of teaching was terrible, they had hired someone 2 weeks before the course started. After 2 weeks, a couple of us got in touch with the director of the centre, who basically dismissed our concerns and said speak to the tutor. We hadn't done this first as it's an understandably difficult situation and the tutor was a nice lady. 

A couple weeks later others on the course raised their concerns in the session. The tutor became defensive and dismissed peoples' concerns, at one point adopting aggressive body language, standing over a student shouting 'no no no' and pointing at her. I pointed out at this point that this was an unprofessional and aggressive response.

The tutor talked to us the next week about how this had affected her, she had been feeling terrible, like she had been attacked, we pointed out we never wanted that.

Next thing we know, there is a course leader removing 4 of us from the session. They didn't give us full refunds at first but following a strongly-worded letter from me (I think I quoted the supply of goods and services act but need to double check) they sent us full refunds. Still, this was not what we wanted, we wanted a course that would meet our needs and have now been set back a year. The reasoning they have given after much pressing from me is that i was disrespectful and disruptive!

I'm going through their internal complaints procedures now, and will be raising this with a number of organisations - OFSTED, OFQUAL, the skills funding agency (who fund the centre), CPCAB (who oversee this particular qualification) and BACP (organisation who oversee quality for counselling). 

I'm struggling to try and pinpoint any relevant legislation to quote, or anything from any guidance from the above organisations or elsewhere.

Any thoughts would be much appreciated. 

TLDR: thrown off course for raising concerns in what I feel was a sensitive manner. "
"(USA, MA) If I am fired after giving an employer two-weeks notice, can I still file for unemployment? I gave two weeks notice the past Friday and was not allowed to work on Monday.  I found out by showing up to work Monday and they asked me to write down my password, remove my belongings, and leave.  They would also not pay me through today.

Outstanding are the last two weeks of work in payroll and accrued leave time which in this state must be paid to the employee.

I did not plan to be out of work for two weeks.  I would like to raise this question of whether I can file for unemployment benefits.

tl;dr  Who initiated the separation if an employer doesn't allow a leaving employee to work after the employee tenders a resignation?"
"[Michigan][48642] I was told to post this here for advice Hello, I work at a small store in the mall. We have 4 part time ""Fun ambassadors"" Which is there way of saying managers. 

I just got a call in saying the guy who is somposed to come in for my break and take over the shift after mine is done is calling in sick. 

So I call the owner and he tells me he will call and see if someone else wants to cover the shift. Of course they don't. 

So my owner calls me back and says I'm going to have to pull a double. 
I have a 4 year old I have to pick up from her grandma's at 5. 
So I cannot. I told him this. And he basically said to find someone else to pick her up. 

This is the 4th time in two months I've had to do this. I'm getting so frustrated.

I just want to leave after my shift is done. But I can't afford to be fired. 

Is it legal? I have worked here for almost 4 months. I was hired on spot the first day this store opened. It's a independent company. I never got a policy hand book or signed anything other then the w2 dependent form and a disclosure."
"San Francisco Rental Utility Quandry So my boyfriend and I are moving into a new apartment at the end of May. We already signed a lease and have paid our rent for the last week in May &amp; June.

Today, I get an email from the rental management company we are renting through, saying the following:

“Hi all,

I hope you've been well! I'm reaching out as the owner recently became aware that there is only one water meter for both of the units at 1626 Folsom, so the water and sewage utility account will likely have to stay in his name. As such, we believe the best solution is to add $50 per person to the monthly rent to cover the water and sewage costs for this unit. This would equate to $150 total per month for these services. We will of course prorate this relative to your move in date for the month of May. 

Please let us know your thoughts on the above, and feel free to reach out with any questions. If this arrangement works for you, we can make the adjustments to your monthly rent, and you won't have to worry about switching the water/sewage account into your name. 

Best,
X”

What should I do here? 

I’m very frustrated that we signed a lease with an agreed upon amount and that the utilities would all be supplied by the tenants. Also that this issue is just now coming up and being passed along to the tenants.

I also feel that this cost estimate may be high, and I don’t know that a flat rate is the solution.

Any advice appreciated."
"Severing maternal rights in Texas EDIT: Thanks for the replies, I think I got my answer. Appreciate it muchly. 


------------------------------------------------------------



I'm 28f (Natalie) married to 35m (Oscar). Oscar's ex wife is Joan. 

I'm going to try and keep this **extremely** complicated history as brief and as factually objective as I can humanly make it. All names used are fake and just to keep things straight. Bolded the most important parts. Ages are current. 

* Amy - my 10 year old daughter from a previous relationship. 
* 
* Anne &amp; Alan -  8 &amp; 9, respectively, Oscar &amp; Joan's children from when they were married.
* 
* Paige - Joan's 18 year old daughter from a previous relationship. Her current whereabouts are unknown; she is mentally ill and was using drugs last contact we had. 
* 
* James - my 2 year old son with Oscar


Oscar and Joan were married 7 years. Joan received disability for back problems, Oscar worked full time (long hours, often with on-call) to keep the family afloat. 


When Anne &amp; Alan about are 2 &amp; 3, Joan gets gastric bypass surgery. A year later, she gets surgery to remove excess skin which results in blood clots. Shortly therafter, **Joan becomes increasingly erratic. Abusive anger outbursts, sleeping excessively, etc. Oscar begins to realize that she's been severely neglecting the children**, leaving them alone to look after themselves, is abusing alcohol &amp; drugs, and is unfaithful in the marriage. **Oscar files for divorce** (Anne &amp; Alan are 4 &amp; 5 at this time). **Joan leaves the apartment they share, leaving behind all the children, including Paige.** She waived her right to appear in court, and on the custody portion of the divorce decree, Oscar was going to leave it blank (in the hopes that they would work something out peacefully for the sake of the kids), but the judge said he had to write something, so he wrote that Joan could have visitations supervised (by Oscar) on the first Saturday every month. **It's worth noting that we have a certified copy of the divorce decree and it appears that somewhere along the way, that notation has disappeared and the page outlining visitation doesn't actually have anything on it.** 

Joan returns to the apartment a couple of times over the next 2 months, once to pick up some of her belongings, and once because she'd asked to take Anne and Alan for an overnight visit, but brought them back only a couple hours later for reasons unknown.** It's worth noting that this was her one and only visitation that she's ever chosen to take since Oscar &amp; Joan split.** 


Shortly after, Amy &amp; I move in with Oscar, and I'm pregnant (which, I know sounds rushed, but we had reasons which I'll explain if anyone needs to know, but it doesn't have bearing on the point of all this). I quit my job and become ""mom"" to all the kids, helping them with school, looking after them, cooking for them, etc. 


**That was nearly 4 years ago.** Since then, Paige left us to try and move in with Joan (who now resides in Florida from what we can gather), though she's bounced around and alleges that Joan threw her out. We've gotten calls from officials in Florida looking for Joan because of some felonies they believe she's responsible for. **She's ordered to pay child support, but we only receive it every 3 or 4 months.**

Alan is on disability because of mental illness. He's struggled with severe depression (had to be hospitalized for a while because of threats of suicide) and anxiety and goes to weekly therapy. Anne goes to therapy as needed; she was developmentally behind when I met her (age 4) but I've worked with her and gotten the school to work with her and now she is on level. Every psychologist and psychiatrist they've seen say that they exhibit behaviours and issues commonly associated with neglect and abuse. 


**I have devoted the last few years to the care and wellbeing of Anne and Alan** (and my other children, of course), and they've shown remarkable improvement but there's damage there that they will always have to live with. Joan doesn't call or visit or ask how they are. They haven't heard from her in 3 years. Alan has chosen to call me ""mom"", Anne chooses to use my name but tells people that I'm her mom. They've never been pressured to do one or the other. **They have expressed fear over Joan suddenly coming back into their lives, they are not and have never been interested in being around her, visiting, but we have always said that if they want to contact her, we'll do everything we can to help make it happen (safely) - they refuse.**  


Obviously since I have been (with Oscar of course, duh) raising them, caring for them, nurturing them, bonding with them, and helping them become the amazing people I know they are, and because they think of me as their mom and I think of them as my own children same as I do Amy and James, we all as a family want to make this legal, for multiple reasons, but especially in the event that if something were to happen to my husband, we don't want to be broken up as a family. **We talked to one attorney last year who said it would be $5,000 to terminate Joan's rights &amp; for me to legally adopt them. My question is, is there a way we can do this ourselves and/or is there a way we can do this for less money because we don't have that kind of cash. We will one day, but I'd like to get this done sooner if at all possible.** Or, if that's really just the end of that, is there some way for Oscar to give me some sort of legal authority with the children so that when we have to switch therapists/do things at the school/etc. that my signature of authorization would work instead of having to always get him to sign everything? I know it seems minor, but it's really been a pain for us because of his demanding work. 

Also, when we do finally terminate Joan's rights, if she for some reason decides to try and fight us (she's a spiteful sort and would do it just because she knows it would make it harder on us), how much ground would she have to stand on to retain any sort of rights? We do have emails between Oscar &amp; Joan proving that he repeatedly tried to get her to have visitation after the divorce before he finally gave up emailing her (because she'd respond back with abusive language), if that counts for anything. 

Thanks in advance to whoever reads this novel. If anything is unclear, please ask, y'all have no idea how much stuff I had to trim out of this to make it even this short, so if I missed something, I'll fill you in. "
"Would the attached document be irrefutable evidence in a Court of Law? If not, how much weight would it carry when introduced as evidence? https://imgur.com/a/AvCVioe

I will try to keep this post as short as possible. I was recently kicked out of the US military for failing a urinalysis. I disputed the results, hired a civilian attorney, and had a portion of the urine sample sent to a lab for DNA testing against a known sample from myself (all strict chain of custody. My own DNA was provided through a buccal swab administered at a satellite office of the lab). 

The results came back excluding me, which was enough to drop the charges at Court Martial. However (probably to avoid the stigma and attention of running a flawed urinalysis collection program) I was Administratively Discharged by my command (much lower Burden of Proof) which obviously resulted in extreme financial difficulty as well as losing all my benefits that I had earned over my 10 years in the USMC. Prior to this event my service record would have been considered exemplary and I fully intended to continue through to retirement. 

I am currently attempting to save up for legal representation, but would be very appreciative if someone with knowledge of this sort of thing were to confirm that the attached notarized document would be admissable and difficult to refute in a courtroom. Thanks in advance for any info you might have for me."
"My landlord wants me to pay $200 for a ceiling repair due to a roof leak in the apartment I have lived in this apartment in Michigan for about a year now, it is a one bedroom on top of this woman's business on the main street of our town, so it's a great location. We have been doing rent monthly, with no contract, which has been great for me because I have been undecided on where I want to live for the longer term so it's been nice to not have to commit to a year lease. We have nothing in writing besides receipts she gives me every month I pay rent. We (my boyfriend and I) agreed to pay $550 which she said included electric. After about 8 months she told us that we would have to start paying additional money for electric, which has lead to us paying about $600 each month instead.




She has recently retired and is currently closing down her business, along with having the building for sale. Every other building seems to be for sale in this town, so she said it probably won't affect us for a while if at all. About two weeks ago, I finally had my parents in town to check out our place, and while I was showing it to them, I noticed that the ceiling was beginning to crack in a place that had always been a bit wonky (it looked like it was hastily repaired at one point in the past). There was always a slight dip in that part because of it, but my landlord has never mentioned any renovations or repairs or anything that we should look out for so I took it as part of the building being old.





The building is very old, with the paint and wallpaper peeling, window cranks that don't work, and apparently a roof leak that had been a problem about four years ago and was the source to the odd ceiling. So when I noticed the cracks, I told my landlord immediately so she could come up and check it out. That is when she had mentioned the previous leak and issue with it. It has been about two weeks since then, where a man has come into our apartment every other day to fix the roof (with no warning that he was coming) and today my landlord came to talk to me about the estimate on the repairs for the ceiling.




She said that her repair man estimated it would be about $400 to repair the ceiling, and that she doesn't think that it's fair that she should have to pay it all since I ""obviously waited so long to tell her about it"" and that it would have been much cheaper if I had told her sooner. Now, I told her as soon as I noticed that there was a problem! I had stayed at my parents house for two weeks house sitting about a week before I saw the ceiling issue, and I spend most of my time in my bedroom when I'm home (which I barely am because I work 50 hours a week in a different town, so I pretty much just sleep and watch netflix in bed when I'm there) so I don't know how long the ceiling has been like that. What I do know is that since I noticed the cracking, it has gotten much worse where you can visibly see a hole where the plaster is falling apart.
Anyways, I realize it seems like I am making excuses but I am just trying to illustrate why I may not have noticed any problems right away, or if it is possible that the ceiling could be cracking so quickly because of the prior repairs done to it before I lived here. She wants me to pay half of what it is supposed to cost her, so $200 out of my pocket to fix the ceiling to her building that has a leaking roof that she is trying to sell and I don't even have a lease or contract with her.





I almost would just pay the money to avoid having issues with her, and I fear that she will kick us out if we refuse to pay or try to tell her that we shouldn't have to pay. I am not completely against moving, but we are comfortable here and really like the location. Does she have a point? Are we responsible for the repairs for the ceiling? Is she just trying to bully a very clearly non-confrontational young adult because she knows she can get away with it? Help me, reddit.
tl;dr Landlord wants us to split the cost of repairs for a ceiling caused by a roof leak because she doesn't think it's fair for her to have to foot the bill to repair her own building."
[AK] Can a 17 year old work as a commercial janitor, and if so can a 17 year old work until 2AM? Looking for jobs this summer, saw an urgently hiring commercial janitorial company, and was wondering if I should or shouldn’t use my time on applying. Thanks :)
"Potential Child Abuse Issues, Unsure What to Do. Alt account because subject matter.

So this may be California and it may be Oregon.

To simplify matters my brother in law was just arrested for child porn. Multiple counts stretching 2 years (based on arraignment records). Everything I have is second hand so I know nothing directly but from what I can tell he was sending and or recieving images (unsure if video is involved). He is in Oregon and we are in California.

My wife on at least two occasions has brought our two kids up to see her sister and there have been times that our kids were alone with him. I want to know if they were involved but I dont know who to ask or how to go about it. My sister in law won't talk about it and seems to be thinking that the system is railroading the guy.

Bail has been set high and they can't afford it so he is in at least until pretrial in a few months.

I haven't talked to my kids about it because I don't want to plant the issue in their heads. My wife and I are in agreement that we should do something but we don't know what. I have no specific reason to believe anything bad happened, but I also didnt think he traded in CP prior to this past week. So do I call police in Oregon? Do I call RAAIN (sp)?"
Can I legally sell t-shirts with a logo that is designed and used by my state(Oregon)? So there's this cool logo that my state(Oregon) uses and I would like to put them on t-shirts and sell them. My question is how legal is this? If it's not legal, then would changing the logo be protected under 'parody' laws? Thanks.
Roommate was court ordered to turn himself in and jail refused to book him. He has court again Monday and needs advice As the title says My roommate had court on Friday afternoon and was told to turn himself in to be booked and released before his next court appearance on Monday morning. When he went to turn himself in they said he needed an appointment to do so and refused to book him. He went in twice and was told no they will only book him by appointment The jail is only open to book appointments on weekdays and he has court at 830am on monday. What can he do to resolve this issue?
"On final warning for sneezing?!? What are my rights? LOCATION: USA, Delaware

I am a temporary contractor and was just informed by my agency that someone reported to a manager that I did not cover my mouth when I sneezed two weeks ago and I am now on a final written warning, which means one more “incident” and I will be fired.  I have been working from home for the last two and a half weeks, have only gone to the building once in that time and we are required to wear masks when we go.  No one approached me about this issue, I was never placed on a verbal or written warning for this or anything else or even made aware that someone had reported me.  I only learned about this because I called my agency to update my contact information and my representative said “oh, and remember, you’re on your final warning and will be fired if you get another write up.”

What are my rights in this situation?"
EEOC trial attorney wants to interview me  Hello I have an EEOC claim that dates back to 2017. They found in my favor for retaliation and discrimination based on sex back in 2018 and the case went to mediation. The employer refused to seriously mediate and was basically only there to see what the case was worth and then refused to mediate. EEOC sent my case to the department of justice to see if they would issue a right to sue or litigate on my behald. Three weeks ago my attorney was contacted by 2 DOJ trial attorneys to set up a zoom interview with me. Neither my lawyer nor the DOJ lawyers have told me what they are going to ask/do in this video meeting... Can anyone assist with advice on what to expect? Are they going to question my story and grill me or are they going to take my case?? My attorney wants to go over our case notes before this meeting but has not said what they will ask/want in this interview. She took my case on contingency back in 2017....
Do I have to pay for gel nails if I didn’t ask for them? NM Ok so I’m a a nail salon and I wanted black nails. The owner asked me what color and I said black. So he gave me black nails and never mentioned if they were gel or not. I never asked for gel and since I haven’t gotten my nails done before I couldn’t tell they were gel. Do I have to pay the extra $10 for gel nails I’d I never asked for it? New Mexico. I think this fits under business law but it may not.
"I'm a career waiter at a nice place and I feel a wrongful termination coming, but I don't know what type of lawyer I should seek or good ways to go about it (New York, NY) My managers have violated their own scheduling policy to hold me responsible for a shift I did not pick up (for which I provided proof). This corresponded with 2 days I called out sick with influenza (I provided video evidence of my temperature being taken &amp; reading high) &amp; they are using it to say I have called out for 3 days &amp; must provide a doctor's note. I can't really do this as I'm almost completely well again &amp; don't have health insurance or a GP I can see before my next shift at 2:30 tomorrow (Saturday; they demanded the note today, Fri at \~5pm). Because I've stood my ground on their policy violation regarding scheduling having worked a very demanding understaffed Christmas week I think they may try to terminate me. Also, sending the request for documentation at close of business the day before my next working day is a red flag to me.  


I am looking to find out the type of lawyer that's best for a waiter in NYC - I assume there must be restaurant specialists with tipped employees having variable schedules being probably quite different from other employment contracts. My employer is a very large national corporation. Additionally, any tips on how to find a decent lawyer would be greatly appreciated. If they are pulling this on me after 2.5yrs of good work for them I won't want back in but I'll be wanting a severance of some kind, and am worried I might be up a creek due to the corporate arbitration agreement.    


Thank you for your time &amp; help."
"Former employer is withholding my final paycheck as a result of criticism Foremost, this takes place in Kansas. My former employer (I voluntarily quit) has stated in an email to me that he is withholding my paycheck until I return the two work shirts (cheap quality polos I have to wear due to it being a country club) that are in my possession. This was said to me through email by replying to my notice of resignation, but it gets better. 

Within my notice of resignation I offered the reason why I quit (wage not representative of the level of work I do; I made minimum wage) and considerations for management (him) as well as praise for him being a good manager. He did not take this well. In his reply, he states that I never went above the call of duty, which is a completely false statement although subjective. He further boasts that he gave 3 of my coworkers that worked alongside me and truthfully did less than me raises because they did go above the call of duty. After this he states he will be withholding my paycheck until I bring in the two t shirts he gave me. 

These shirts were given to me by him, did not come out of my paycheck, and there was no verbal agreement that they must be returned. Further, I’m also fairly certain that there is no written policy that they must be returned because within the same email he states, “Due to new company policy, employees must return shirts before the final paycheck will be sent.” The shirts do bear the country club’s logo, but if they were given to me, worn by me, and stored at my personal place of residence, wouldn’t that make them mine?

My question is, can an employer withhold a paycheck even if you possess $10-20 worth of their property? My other question would be, are those shirts truly their property if given and worn by me and stored in my personal place of residence?"
"Unpaid wages, boss manipulated W2, payroll AND my unemployment...can I give unpaid wages as a reason to not return to work? Hello, I would like to state that I am a low-income preschool teacher in California. I have been unemployed in the middle of March due to COVID-19. As of today, I have NOT received my working March 2020's wage paycheck. 
My employer has...a line of problems: 

1. My boss altered my previously correct wages on my payroll system (I called my payroll company and they informed me that my administrator had altered my paystubs). So paystubs for two months have been shown up as $0.00 and two other months have been completely erased. Mind you, these were my four HIGHEST earned wages of 2019 (~$2K—2.5K)

2. In doing so, my W-2 was filled with inaccurate earned wages and paid taxes, haha. For one month, we kept bouncing back and forth in text message with me requesting her to fix it. I have pics of the text messages where she: first tells me to fix it myself, then pretends to not know how to correct it, then finally when I low-key threaten to report her to EDD if she doesn't send me the corrected version the next day, she sent me a W-2C (HURRAY first win, but the madness continues)

3. As I said, I am currently unemployed. When I knew my preschool was closing down, I signed up for unemployment insurance right away. When the ""Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award"" came (details reported wage and calculated benefits) my reported yearly earnings were $13K less than my totaled earned $17K income. SHOCKED. My employer reported that I worked ONLY $4K this year. As a result, the unemployment benefits I receive are very, very low. 

4. Since my taxes have been filed (YES! There's still side problems but it's filed) I have been constantly requesting for my boss to fix my payroll. When I log in, my payroll is still missing four working month's wage. I called and provided wage proof to the payroll company, but they insisted that only my employer can fix my paystubs. I told my boss to request for a paystub correction. I found that my boss has still NOT fixed my four missing/zero'd 2019 paystubs. However, an additional $10K was added to this year's gross income stating the pay day was on May 21, 2020, when I have not worked or earned any of that money....

5.  Both my coworker and I have missing months on our 2019 payroll, so we requested in early February 2020 for our boss to correct our W-2.  My boss sent me a copy of my W-2C (after a low-key threat) to which I have filed to IRS. My coworker, on the other hand, has NOT yet received a corrected W-2, because our employer said: ""I cannot find my accountant to fix your W2"".  Unfortunately, my coworker isn't in a spot where she can threaten to report our boss. She is in a process of getting a work-visa.

6. In addition, both my coworker (full-time) and I (part-time) do NOT receive paid sick leave, vacation leave, health benefits, overtime, and holidays. Nothing.

Please advise. How I can leave without losing my unemployment? 

*Also side note, my boss called that I will have to go in to work on June 1st. Even though, I still have not gotten March's wage or my UI and payroll fixed.

*Not sure how to post/send pictures of the messages if needed"
"Police handcuffed me without any suspicion or evidence. Today, while my car was in the shop, I was waiting in the park across the street. Was video chatting my girlfriend and look up and there is a helicopter circling above me. Then like 10 cop cars are in the streets. I see a cop car posted up by the street in the park so I walk up and asked what's going on.  He said ""I'm trying to figure it out"".So I just wait by his car for a minute to see if he has any update. Then out of no where he pulls out his gun and points it at this latino guy walking on the street like 15 feet away. The guy did nothing wrong, nor did he look suspicious. He then tells him to get on ground and cuffs him. Didn't really know what to do. So i start walking down the side walk because I felt it was getting dangerous. I am casually walking on the street, video chatting my girlfriend (on instagram video). There is no way I could of looked suspicious. I was holding my phone up in the sky clearly talking to her. About 45 seconds later, cop car going 40 slams on his breaks, gets out of car and puts me in handcuffs.

The cop didn't ask my any questions, just said put hands up and cuffed me. Before I know it there are 10 cops 1 ft from my face. None are wearing mask.

Funny thing is, I haven't left my house in nearly two months because I get sick easy and was quarantining. First day out, this happens.

Anyways, Luckily the mechanic came running over and told them I was a customer and the took the handcuffs off.

In my mind, there is no way the police handled this correctly. What type of lawyer should i talk to about this/do I have a case for anything?

Thank you.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit \*\* Location is in San diego county California."
"What type of lawyer do I need? Hello,

I need to write an NDA and a Deed of Partnership for my business venture. what type of lawyer would be appropriate for this? Can I do this with one lawyer or would I need multiple?"
"[PA, US] Is an intent to renew form the same legally as a lease renewal? So long story short, before the effects of the pandemic I signed an intent to renew my lease for a third year, but due to the new financial situation I can't afford to pay rent on my own so I told them I would be leaving on my original ending date, at the end of this month (not that it's relevant, but so I could move in with a friend and pay half his mortgage as rent).  

They finally got back to me today (well over a week after i submitted my move out form) and told me that because they had my signature on the intent that they were considering it an official new lease and I was bound to the terms of it, namely that if I plan on moving out at the end of this month I have to continue paying rent until they are able to turn it over to someone else.  The thing is, no where on that paper did it say that it itself was considered a lease nor have I seen an actual new lease, not just this renewal, but ever since my original one back in 2018, let alone signed it.  

Are they right that the intent paper is legally binding as a new lease or do I have grounds to fight this?  If I can't afford to pay rent for just myself I certainly can't afford to pay it both on the apartment I'm leaving and the half rent on the one I'm moving to, so I'd like to see my options here."
"Can you force a Father to legitimize their children so an order for custody and visitation can be established? State. Ga. Unmarried and two children together. 

I left the father over a year ago but we established a verbal contract with visitation.  For the most part we adhere to it and with argument when changes need to be made sometimes it happens.  As time goes on when it's time to pick the kids up to come home he pushes the meet up time later and later. It's a 45 minute drive to our meet spot which is half way. 

He refused to legitimize them in court, he has issues with the government. In my state if he's not legitimized the kids then we can't establish an order for custody or visitation. 

I have tried and tried to keep the kids in contact with their dad. Holidays weekends every other week in the summer. I've exhausted all routes to compromise and not have to withhold them from seeing him. Now it's come to a stressful situation where I can no longer bend over backwards to adhere to what he wants. I know this is a battle of control I just feel awful saying if you want to see the kids then you need to take me to court. But today because pick up time wasn't what he wanted, I'm being forced to drive an hour and half to go directly to his town to pick up my kids. And drive them back the hour and half home. I'm exhausted, we have work and school tomorrow. My emotions are tattered and I'm just tired of trying to make things work when clearly I'm being taken advantage of and no thought for the children involved is even being considered. 

Can you legally force a Father to legitimize their children without witholding the children from visiting? I.e. take me to court if you want to see them."
"Uncles stealing my family’s Hello,

So my father passed away a little over a year ago and a few months after his death my uncles started to steal his assets. 

Both of them forged a Will in my fathers name and had written down that all assets go to my uncle.

My other uncle gained unauthorized access to his bank accounts and is doing as he likes with my fathers money and had given a small amount to my stepmom and siblings while I seen 0 of my inheritance. He also opened joint bank accounts in me and my siblings names and has not given us access to them he has purchased stocks and is spending money from these accounts as he likes. 

My father was partners with his brother in a company and instead of companies “shares” going to the heirs which is my stepmom and my fathers children my uncle who was his partner has taken all of his company shares and put it under his name. The shares are worth millions as well.

They’re also intentionally holding my fathers money from us so we won’t seek a lawyer in order to proceed them in court. We do not have the money for lawyers since they’re holding all of it. I’ve filed a police report but that’s about it, I don’t know what else to do.

Any suggestions or help would be great.

Thanks!"
"[MA] can I make my husband leave? (Hostile, mood swings, two kids) Husband and I have been married for 5 years and have two kids aged 3 and 6 months. Husband had a prior adderall addiction (supposedly since quit), and gambling issues. He became extremely drunk back in Jan of this year, drove home drunk and terrorized me and the kids (no physical abuse, yelling, slamming doors etc) It ended in my calling the police who had an ambulance come and he spent the night in the ER. He stayed at his parents for a few days but I let him come back. He was supposed to go to therapy but only did one session and he got prescribed meds for mood disorder NOS by a psychiatrist.  

Over the last 6 weeks or so he has just been increasingly difficult to deal with. He smokes marijuana and either he smokes so much that hes in outer space and doesnt help, makes a mess and just generally acts like hes someplace else OR hes a hostile, angry person. He never physically abuses anyone but hes taken to screaming and yelling at me and our 3 year old when he is acting out (hes a toddler...) and the dog. His temper goes from 0 to 1000. I'm getting sick of it. He has no patience at all. I've talked to him about this 100 times and he keeps saying I know I'll change but nothing has changed. 

I'm not sure if I want a divorce but I'd really like to have the opportunity to have him away from me and the kids for awhile to see how things feel. 

Can I legally make him leave our home ? (He could go to his parents they live 20 mins away) he could not afford to pay our bills- I am the primary earner in our home. I could afford the house and bills without him."
"Youtube Copyright on MMO I'm from the United States.

I play an MMO and I upload videos of raids regularly to Youtube and stream on Twitch. Without trying to disclose too much information I recently burned bridges with someone who was close to me. They want me to remove all the videos they are in on my Youtube channel or else they will file a copyright claim for ""not consenting to be in the video"".

- They KNEW and agreed when I asked if they were okay with me uploading the videos/streaming raids with them in the party of the game we were playing at the time. 

- There is no documented chatlog of this from either parties as it was done of voice communications.

- There is NO personal information of the person filing a copyright claim in the video. Only a fictional name.

- They actively encouraged me to stream/upload videos only to want them taken down when we part ways.

Is there anything I can do to protect myself here? Can I even do anything? These videos are the livelihood of my channel and would be heartbroken to see them taken down because of someones anger and spite towards me. So what can I do to protect myself from this false claim? "
"Question about felonies, pretrial diversion and apartment applications. Quick backstory. 3 years ago, I was arrested for a felony DUI in California. the prosecution and judge agreed to let me participate in pretrial diversion for the DUI as a misdemeanor. I successfully completed the program which to my understanding dismissed the case entirely. Fast forward to now, I have applied to an apartment complex in new mexico.

im very confused on how my criminal record would show this during their background check if at all. does the felony arrest still show up in my criminal record when they conduct their background check? or does it just vanish? can landlords access arrest records? do i still have a good chance at having my application accepted or does that just matter on the disposition of the landlord?"
"City Employer Warning if I Don’t Consider Open Position I work for a city government as an on-call employee. Within the division I’m employed with, I work several positions and upwards of 30-35 hours a week (my on-call threshold is 39 hours maximum a week.) Due to COVID-19, I’ve been furloughed until our facilities can reopen, and am currently claiming unemployment to keep financially stable.

Recently, the city sent notification to all employees that a couple of emergency positions had opened, temporary on-call positions within shelters and prisons. My primary duties in my regular employment pertain to child care and customer service, far from what these new positions seem to require or would necessitate. I appreciate that the city reached out to their on-calls to offer these positions, but thought no more on them as I did not feel I would serve either position best.

This morning I received a text informing that I should, “Please consider the open opportunity to continue [my] on-call employment with the city.”

This immediately struck me as quite ridiculous and forceful, at the same time an obvious indication of desperation to fill the position; I believe it’s the position within the prison, which I feel particularly uncomfortable applying for. I am a dedicated employee, highly regarded not in my own opinion but as evident by my job titles, responsibilities training new employees and leading program engagement, and reliance on by my immediate superiors.

My great concern though, if you’ve stuck with me this long, is whether I can actually be removed from employment for not actively engaging with this job offer? 

There are several things I think I understand about the situation: obviously this is a very unstable and desperate time for all of us, and necessary that we all do our part to support our communities and come through this. And there is reverence for those that continue to work, on the front lines, sacrificing their safety and comfort and health to take care of others, that’s an immense sacrifice. And I certainly am not one who simply doesn’t want to work, would rather be making bank on unemployment - I am itching for the day I can be back at work, in my programs, doing what I do within my community. However, I feel the city that employs me is singling out their on-call employees, without consideration for our skills or work prior to shutdown, and it feels very threatening that should we feel we could not serve those offered positions as best as possible, having considered them and found we can’t operate safely or affectively in them, that’s essentially a resignation letter. Can they do that, can they hold my job hostage if I don’t apply for this other job? It’s really making me question my dedication to my employer, I don’t want to feel like a mule being led by carrot to something I am not prepared to do.

Thank you in advance for you advice, I’ll answer any clarifying question if need be, hope anyone that comes across this is safe and healthy.

EDIT: I live and work in Colorado, employed with Denver"
"Should I petition the court to change the terms of a will? Hi all, my dad recently passed away (mom is no longer living) and my sister and I are going through the estate process.  My dad's assets consist of his 

* **home** (still owes ~25% of its value to the lender)

* **car** (owned outright, minimal value)

* **IRA** (we are beneficiaries and have set up Beneficiary IRAs for rollovers)

* **life insurance** (this is where it gets tricky)

Since we are listed as beneficiaries on his IRA, this overrides the 'estate' and therefore we get that money immediately after some paperwork.  We had assumed this would be the case for his life insurance payout but it appears that he had only our mom (deceased) listed as the life insurance beneficiary.  This means the death benefit goes to the estate.

On top of that, he has a trust in place from several years ago, requiring 1/3 payout to my sister and me at age 25, 1/3 at age 30, and 1/3 at age 35.  (our ages are 31 and 27).

My question is this:  Isn't it a bad thing that the life insurance goes to the estate?  It means that unless we pull money from an IRA and take a huge tax hit, we have no immediate funds to pay for the funeral.  I also understand that we need to advertise a death notice in the newspaper and that money is now subject to claims brought by creditors (previously we were thinking the estate would likely be 'empty' except for the home when we sell).

My father in law suggested we petition the court to change the terms of the will.  My sister and I would both be in agreement on this, so he thinks it may be easy to do.  Any thoughts?"
"Virginia: Ethics of disclosing information from opposing party? I’m pro se, for now, in a divorce case.

I delivered my discovery responses and a motion to ex’s lawyer today.

He then showed this information to another lawyer, who appeared to be a GAL who is in no way affiliated with our case, and talked about my documents and how I’m pro se. 

Is this an ethics violation? I mean, these documents included private financial information, etc. I would like to report him to the bar, if it is a breach. 

He wasn’t asking for any advice and she isn’t part of his firm. He was just disclosing my private info.  Seems unethical to me."
"Hacking north Korea Now. I'm not saying I want to hack north Korea, or that I would, but I've been thinking about them a lot this year and a thought crossed my mind.
High ranking north Korean officials have access to the general internet through China and they manually sort through content to decide what is suitable for North Korean internet, meaning that the general internet is indirectly connected to North Korean internet through China and then the computers they use to manually sort content. So why has nobody attempted to gain access and push propaganda instead of floating bottles across the ocean? And specifically how would you even get in trouble for this in the US? I don't see North Korea cooperating with the US government to provide the necessary evidence to convict you under US law, and I don't see the US extraditing anyone to north Korea, so basically it can't really be prosecuted right? I mean unless you're considered a terrorist, but I'm not sure publishing a website is terrorism, as long as you don't do any actual damage to their systems or infrastructure."
"[PA/IL] Not getting paid for hours worked I work at a franchised retail store in Pennsylvania, with paychecks issued from a company that is in Illinois. 

Over the last few months, I’ve noticed that I am missing about 40 hours of work from my paychecks with most of it being overtime pay. A coworker is missing about 15 hours from his.

We also work on commission; as our hours are off, I highly suspect our commission payouts are wrong as well. We receive no breakdown detailing how our (irregularly) paid-out commission was earned.

Here’s where it gets weird:

* The work is performed in Pennsylvania but HQ is in Illinois

* Our current franchise owners are trying to sell the stores to new owners - including staff like myself - with change over in approximately 12 days

My current approach is to keep track of all scheduled hours, hours I’ve actually worked, and hours paid out... and wait for changeover to complete (can’t be retaliated against if I’m no longer their employee!). 

After that, I’m unsure of what to do.

Do I send them am e-mail or certified letter detailing the underpayment? Or do I go immediately to the PA Dept of Labor, the IL Dept of Labor, or both?

I have everything saved and logged, and everything printed off as well. I just need guidance of what to do once I’m no longer under the threat of being fired for complaining about unpaid wages."
"Dad passed and my brother is out $60K due to lack of information given by financial advisor TL;DR my brother and I thought we planned good enough for our dads passing, turns out the financial advisor wasn’t telling us all the things that needed to happen to split the IRA account and now my brother gets nothing.

Our dad passed away in late March this year. My brother and I had a will outlining that we are to split everything 50/50. We thought we had everything taken care of when that day came; we had talked to the bank, had his cremation paid for and set up, power of attorney had been appointed, and we got in touch with the guy handling my dad’s stock in an IRA. My dad was in a nursing home and was not married.

We gave a copy of the PoA to the money guy so my brother had access to his funds and let him know that when he passes it needs to be moved into two separate accounts and split equally between both of us and if there was anything we needed to do to make that happen. The guy said no problem, we will make that happen when the time comes. 

Everything took place as we planned without incident, except when it came to splitting the IRA. We were told about 2 weeks ago that mom was still the beneficiary on his IRA. We thought it was weird that this wasn’t mentioned before when we told him the plan with the stocks and when my brother gave him a copy of the PoA. My mom signed over the money to us, or so we thought. Instead of going to both of us, for some reason I was the only one listed as the beneficiary when my mom signed everything away. We found out that IRA beneficiaries out rank a last will meaning my brother gets nothing.

Is there any way to get my brother the portion he’s owed without taking a massive hit on taxes? I feel like this guy and his company should be held somewhat accountable since they didn’t do their due diligence in telling us the road blocks that were in the way when we asked what we needed to do. HELP!

edit: this took place in Washington State"
"Gave Personal loan on vehicle, now total loss after accident, CAN I ask for loan to be paid in full? **Background:**
When I graduated from High School a family member gave me an old truck as a gift. It was awesome, but the truck had no A/C and wasn't a car I was going to keep for a long time. I eventually purchased a new car for myself but kept this truck on my insurance for the multi-vehicle discount. A family friend had just turned 16 a few months back and was working towards his license. As to pay it forward, I decided to sell him the car at a super reasonable price.

**Vehicle Details:**
1998 Ford Ranger, 150k miles, needs bodywork and paint, runs great now that it is fixed

**Loan Details:**
Since the vehicle was barely driven, I had to spend a good amount in repairs $500+ to get it to pass **California** Smog for the transfer. I decided to sell the vehicle to him for $600 as it was an older truck and that was the KBB value on the lowest end and probably what it was actually worth if needing to be scrapped.
**I had a bill of sale drafted for $50/month for 12 months (no interest) to total the $600 payment.**

**The dilemma:**
The truck was recently hit on the side by another vehicle causing significant damage to the door. Due to the age and condition of the vehicle, the insurance company decided to claim the vehicle as a ""total loss."" This is what we figured would happen due to the value of the truck. The insurance company has **offered $2400** as a settlement for the truck and a charge of only $700 to keep it as a salvage vehicle (Net $1700 to the family friend).

**The Question:**
Since the vehicle is now considered a ""salvage"" vehicle, would I be able to LEGALLY demand the remaining balance of the loan ($450) to be paid in full?

Thank you in advance for any assistance that can be provided.

**tl;dr** --- Remaining balance on the personal loan is $450, now the vehicle is salvage, insurance offer of $2400 for the total loss, can I request loan to be paid in full?"
"Fired from a grocery store (legal firing) but manager told my former coworkers why I was fired I was hired back in 2014 by a major grocery chain. I was fired in 2016 for alcohol consumption on the clock. Granted, I just turned 21 at the time.... so...

That is not the reason for this post. I went back about 3 weeks after being fired and found out my  coworkers all knew what happened. (Nobody saw me drink. Only the camera did. And that is only accessible to the manager himself.) I asked around and it turned out the manager exposed me. Not to mention he explicitly told me nobody was allowed to know.

2nd issue at the same place.

I had an assistant manager in the department I worked at. Every day I came in, he always was talking about his ""Anaconda"" and the best way to lengthen it. He also always asked me if I had a good ""Uncle Jack"" (Real quote changed for SFW means) last night. This guy was the Union Representative in my store as well. I did, on several occasions, request to my department manager he be asked to stop. I was told to ignore him and move on.

Potentially helpful notes;

I am in GA (Hire/Fire at will state)

City of store: Roswell

Date of events: Start was May 2014. End was November 2016. 

My question:

Am I still able to press charges and with whom do I do so? The grocery store itself? Or the company? Am I still in the Statute of Limitations?

Any advice would be great.


Before you ask,
I was not yet decided until now to do this. I have been pondering this for 4 years now."
CA, USA - Arrest warrant from a different county (misdemeanor) I received a letter in the mail from the Los Angeles Sheriffs Department telling me that there’s a warrant for my arrest, it’s a misdemeanor for revenge porn. If found guilty I’d have to pay a $1,000 fine and/or serve a minimum 6 months in jail. My question is since I live hours away from this jurisdiction, will they come and arrest me? I’m thinking about ignoring it because it’s so minor.
"Looking for ways to stay in US with bf on TN visa, while being able to attend school Warning: likely a lot of useless information   
   
My bf and I are both Canadians. He has a TN visa that allows him to work in the US, California to be specific. We want to move in together in California and start a life together, and I thought I'd like to go to school there. The type of further education I am looking at allows me to only apply for M-1 VISA, which would force me to leave within 30 days after graduation (to my understanding).    
   
Our seemingly best option is to get married, this allows me to attend school easily and also allows me to receive spousal benefits from his company.    
   
The problem is that    
1. I consider ourselves too young to be married, and we've only been together for 3 years   
2. We can't say for sure that we would want to stay together forever due to #1, parent issues, and because anything can happen, which leads to #3   
3. Our parents both have investments under our names that we don't know about, it can become messy if we want to divorce   
   
My question is, is there any way to avoid getting married but to have me still be eligible for schools in California, and to get not too expensive health care?   
If no, is marriage the best option? What would be things to watch out for? Should we get a prenup?    
If marriage is the best option, could you give some advice for our situation? We are currently in different provinces of Canada, and the possibility of meeting up is extremely low. If we choose to register in California, would I have to re-enter the country for it to take effect? Or would his company have to apply for visa for me afterwards?    
   
Our knowledge in this area is quite lacking (as you can probably already tell), so any info would be very helpful. Please let me know if I am missing any info."
"(FL) Threatened by a lawsuit after being rearended in a rental car. I was making a right hand turn off a three lane higway at a controlled intersection in a rental car.  There wasn't a turn lane at this particular intersection, but the light was green and I signaled and slowed to make the turn.  As I was about to turn I was rearended by a car that came up on me as a fast rate of speed.   We called the Cops and got a police report as the insurance company requested one.  We exchanged info,  but he didn't have insurance on his car.  He was cited for reckless driving and failure to provide insurance info.  We didn't purchase the rental car insurance as our Auto insurance policy covers rentals that we are driving.

Today I have received a barrage of texts and phone calls from the guy that hit me claiming the rental was never insured and will be suing me for the damage to his vehicle.  He is also fighting the reckless driving offence as he said I ""brake checked"" him and thats why he hit me.  I did not.....

My question is can he sue me for the damages that he caused?  Also if he does somehow get the reckless driving citation dropped will my insurance have to pay for the damages?"
"Student phone rights So recently at our school there has romour going around that the school has been calling people down to the office and searching through all personal devices for any forms of cheating. The way they ""know"" you are cheating is that when you go you have to list 10 people you think are cheating or else you get in school suspension.  This is a romour so I have no idea what parts are true or if any of it is true. I live in Texas and I have searched around but am getting mixed results. What could the school legally do in that situation?"
"153% APR for a dog I know there is probably no hope for me, but I figured I would reach out. I met my boyfriend about 1 year ago and he has a dog named Bella. A Siberian husky, who was about 1 year old at the time. 

I always wondered why he got a husky, especially since he lives in an apartment and he told me he bought it from a puppy store for 3000 dollars, which I thought was crazy, but that’s how much pure breads go for I guess (I have rescues)

On top of this. Bella is now two and only ways 30 pounds.

The problem is he and his mom sometimes are not the brightest stars in the sky and they make impulsive decisions. Hence a husky in southern Utah.

After planning on getting her spayed I was looking at the paperwork and saw the loan agreement of 153% APR. 153% FUCKING APR!!!! Like what the hell. He could have paid for his collage education with the 5000$ in interest on a 3000$ annoying ass dog.

I know we’re probably sunk, but it’s worth an ask. Are there any laws in place against charging this much on people that clearly don’t know about financials. Any help is great

The dog was bought and we live in Utah. Thanks guys"
"How to find sentencing info? Houston Texas There is a case that went to trial for fraud and the person was found guilty of a count with sentencing to take place in April. How do I search for it?  


15-402 - USA v. Swenson

Took place is the US southern district court in Houston."
"Questions about a speeding ticket I received in Virginia. I received a speeding ticket in Virginia. 84 in a 70. They got me. I'm not asking how to get out of the ticket because I was speeding and I have already paid my fine. 

When I signed the waiver and plead guilty and to prepay instead of going to court (I don't live in Virginia. Going back wasn't possible.) I signed a summons (ticket) that said I was in violation of code F-46.2-870. 

After I paid, my case appeared on the courts website. It states I waived my trial, paid in full and plead guilty to violation to code F-46.2-878. 

Does this matter?  I don't want this creeping back to haunt me later. 

Also, is it a typo or can they (the courts) change the charge/violation that the Sheriff put on the ticket?


Oh and by the way, the amount of letters I am getting from Virginia lawyers is kinda funny. "
"[Bellevue, WA] Does this fall under Washington State discrimination laws? Hello all, so I work as a personal assistant for a local executive and I was recently tasked with finding a caregiver for their aging parent. This parent is ~260lbs. and needs help getting up and down some stairs at their home. 

Now, I wrote up some job requirements and a description stating that the person will need to be able to assist with this weight and transportation on an on-call basis and so on, but when it was reviewed I was told to specifically seek out ""a Christian and a man for strength"" with the posting. Their intent is to hire this caregiver on, pay a full-time salary, and basically have them available 24/7. They will be paying them with private funds, so it is not an employer of 15 or more employees. I already voiced some concerns that I might have difficulty posting something with those requirements, but I have done some preliminary research and I am not really sure what is covered in this case and how I should approach it. 

Any advice would be appreciated. Overall, I am not particularly comfortable with this situation and I am unsure if there is any course of action I can take or if they are technically legal. Also, they have been out of town so all communication regarding this is documented in emails."
"Washington State. Landlord went sour, came up with long list of cleaning fees upon vacating I never agreed to. Is this illegal, what should I do? Hi all, I'm in a really frustrating position and am grateful for advice.

Long story short, rented a place for 8 years, had a great relationship with landlord up to recently. She was very prompt in having repairs made and making sure I lived in a safe and comfortable place. Then, had a lot of life tragedies this year, went through grief, admittedly had a problem with hoarding objects for reselling (not as bad as that TV show), landlord got concerned. House plumbing system broke down beyond my control, handled it to the best of my ability and the repairman (the landlord's friend) testified to her that I did everything I could.

I have ALWAYS paid my rent on time, and many times early.

But, recently, received notice from landlord to vacate in 90 days, she claims she's selling the house but I feel that's not the entire story. I appreciated the extra time (beyond 30 days) but then a lot of problems began to creep up. She reminded me about holding me responsible for repairing a glass light which I accidentally broke a few years ago, and I think this is fair since I caused it. I told her about it at the time.

I do not mean to be difficult, I asked her questions to clarify. She became increasingly cold-sounding so we stopped talking on the phone and keep it in writing.

Then, she sent correspondence containing a long list of things that need to be fixed. Quite frankly, this seemed out of character for her, and I am shocked. She says I need to have the carpets professionally steam cleaned (and send her a copy of the bill), and have the whole house treated for fleas ""because I have cats"" despite them never showing any signs of fleas and having a recent vet check-up. There are many other fine points for things I need to pay for that seem really overbearing.

**EDIT FOR EMPHASIS:** I feel the landlord is being pedantic and troublesome. The house is in good condition save normal wear and tear, the carpets are currently quite clean. It seems like a waste of time and money to have to ""call professionals"" when it may very well cost an arm and a leg for non-existent problems, regardless of her scrutiny. One of my main questions is whether paying for all of things she want out-of-pocket will end up costing more than simply forfeiting my $1300 security deposit + $250 cleaning deposit, since it may very well go above this? Is there a maximum to how much money she can take from me above and beyond this?

She was like the landlord from heaven turned into the landlord from hell. 

I paid a $250 cleaning deposit in the beginning, nonrefundable. I searched my original rental agreement and cannot find any mention of ""professional carpet steam cleaning"" specifically being a requirement, just ""carpet steam cleaning"" which suggests I could do it myself. For the record the carpets look clean too. Nor is there a flea/pest clause, nor other things.

What's more, she did send a checklist of move-in conditions but wrote no details, and neither of us ended up signing it. I don't remember why. But to receive this new checklist I did not agree to feels wrong... can she even do that? Can a landlord modify those terms without me agreeing?

I have been reviewing sites like:

* http://sites.lawhelp.org/documents/1593216300EN.pdf?stateabbrev=/WA/
* http://www.tenantsunion.org/en/rights/deposit-questions

and now seek personalized advice here.

I do not want to take her to court and I want to be fair, given our history, but I feel tense and disrespected with her treatment. What is the right thing to do so I can keep my security deposit, move out peacefully, leave the property in good shape, and move on with my life?"
"Should I speak up now and press charges? I tried posting this on relationship_advice but it kept getting removed so I’m turning to here. I’ll keep it short.

I was 16 and he was 22. At the time I was unaware that he was 22 because he told me he was 17 and even showed me pictures of him in school which I don’t know how he got that. I met him through Snapchat and we talked for only two weeks before he asked to come over one night. I was still a virgin at the time so I said no and that I wasn’t comfortable with it. He begged me over and over for almost an hour before I gave in and he snuck in. 

I was not ready. I didn’t want it but I wanted him to still like me. I didn’t think it was rape at the time but my friends told me he was bad news. 

Well after that we started dating things got worse. He was controlling and alway took advantage of me even when I told him no. He wouldn’t let me wear certain clothes or hang with certain people. He always accused me of cheating when I wasn’t. He would yell at me and call me names. He would slap me, choke me , pin me down and would rape me even if I was crying and saying no. He took everything from me; my virginity, my confidence and my self worth. 

Well about two months in he finally told me he wasn’t 17, but he still lied. He told me he was 20 and when he was younger he was in a coma so his parents lied to him about his age. I knew it was bs but I loved him (or so I thought) and went along with it. If that wasn’t enough I found out he gave me herpes. He denied it and said I was a slut and accused me of cheating. I couldn’t win. 

A month later he went to jail for the alleged rape of a 15 year old. I found out because he called me from jail and I found the girl and we talked about how we both went through that with him so I called him in jail and broke up with him then and I haven’t heard from him since the day he got out he called me to tell me he was out. He was let out because there wasn’t enough evidence.

My question is after two years and finally thinking I’m ready to talk about it, should I press charges and how? I was a minor and he gave me a disease I’ll have for life and that’s my only evidence. I don’t want him to hurt anyone else or lie to young girls and do what he did to me to them. I just need help and advice."
Can an apartment complex raise rent in the middle of a lease? It's only $15 but still. It's in the middle of a pandemic and my lease. Out of Texas.
My former best friend is probably going to try and fight me again and I'm tired of the drama. So me and my best friend are no longer friends after fighting him for the third time (fists thrown) I got tired of his shit. Now someone is spreading rumors trying to stir shit up and I'm afraid he might fight me again. If he does what can I do to protect myself from the law. The laws been apathetic the past couple times due to no serious injury. But I'm afraid if he attacks me this time I might lose my temper and hurt him. What would happen to me? I have many character witnesses to vouch for my passive ways. I have witnesses from the first fight who saw him attack me. Basically everyone I know knows I would not hit first or try to start anything. Meanwhile he has a reputation of being a hot head and violent. What would be considered too far in the name of self defense and what would happen if I did go too far trying to defend myself? I have no previous record and I am a college student as far as I know my former friend also doesn't have a record and is also in college. I don't really want to get the law involved to protect both of us this is just an invade things go down.
"Officer let me off with a 110A ticket, what should I do? This is my first ticket ever/time being pulled over. I got pulled over doing 55 in 35, officer told me he’d let me off with a 110A which I am thankful I didn’t get a big speeding ticket.  

However, I have no idea how any of this work some friends say fight everything, some internet people say plead guilty and take course, the cop said just pleas guilty etc.

I’m considering pleading guilty and just doing the course to remove license points, I’m unsure on how to handle any of this."
"Ex-husband Custody &amp; Travel Will try to be brief.  The divorce was 2 years, with a guardian ad litum for the 1 and 2 year old.  I won the right to move to Phoenix, Arizona. The kids are supposed to travel back to Wisconsin for 4 weeks per year.  2 over winter break, 2 during the summer.  There are also 3 trips to be made by the father to Phoenix, and another trip by the kids back to WI each year. (Total of 6 times per year seeing dad.)  

The party purchasing tickets is to be reimbursed within 15 days.  Tickets were purchased in May for an August trip. The bill of $280 has not been paid.  It is Dec 9th, and the ex sends written notice of the requested placement and travel schedule from Dec. 25-Jan. 11.  

As I read the decree, he has to give 30 days written notice of all travel, and tickets must be purchased 30 days in advance. The decree says he has Christmas this year, but he had 1/2 of Christmas in 17, all of Christmas and Christmas Eve in 18, and it does say every other year.

I have been sticking to my guns that I need to be paid back for the summer tickets, and needed 30 days notice of travel plans, but he is saying he is showing up here with the police, and removing them forcefully. (Don't think he can do this?) 

I am a single Mom in medical school, with a now 3 and 4 year old, and don't have any money to hire a lawyer.  Any thoughts would be helpful."
"{Chicago, IL] Employer wrongfully taking fingerprints/BIPA violations Hello all, I will try to keep this brief but specific. This involves Illinois' Biometric Information Protection Act (BIPA) from 2008, much of the text of which can be read [Here](http://www.ilga.gov/legislation/ilcs/ilcs3.asp?ActID=3004&amp;ChapterID=57) (no paywall).

&amp;#x200B;

I work for a company of approximately 50 employees. a few weeks ago, there had been conjecture about putting in a finger print scanning time clock o facilitate punch in/out. I expressed my concern and told my manager i would not be comfortable submitting to such a thing. When I got to work on 12/11/19, I was asked if I was still uncomfortable about the idea. After saying yes, I was told that the new print scanning clock had already been installed and that the prints of many of my coworkers (30+) had already been collected.  After speaking to some of them, I found out that none of them had been provided with any paperwork to view, none of them had signed a release, and many of them did not understand what they were doing while their prints were being collected (several do not speak English well). 

&amp;#x200B;

I explained to my manager that this had violated the law and that I wanted to talk to HR. He requested he speak to HR instead. Upon his return, he told me that he was told that since our machine does not store actual fingerprints, only geometric data derived from prints, no laws were broken. This does not fit with my understanding of what I have read. 

&amp;#x200B;

As of now, I still have my job, my company does not have my finger prints, and i am being paid normally. While I do not fear retaliatory action, I do expect something. My questions are as follows:  


1. Am I reading this law wrong, or is my company? Have they violated the law and their employees rights?
2. Assuming yes to #1, should I be reporting them to the Illinois Labor Board or other authority? I don't know if I legally have a horse in this race.
3. Assuming yes to #1, should I be encouraging my coworkers to seek damages or to file a class action suit?

&amp;#x200B;

Looking forward to hearing from many people much more knowledgeable than me, thank you."
"Sue for amenities being closed? My apartment like most in the country have their amenities closed down.  No pool, no workout room, no business center so I can’t print important paperwork, no maintenance unless emergency, etc.  They tried to deny us USPS package delivery (those go to the office and not our door like UPS/FedEx) but caught a lot of heat and found out that was probably illegal since people order essential stuff right now.

I had a longer explanation and some examples here, but realized they are too identifiable.  Basically, they are notorious for charging big move out fees.  Biggest example is charging former tenant for carpet even though right now they are tearing it all out to replace with wood floors.  
Anyway, is there any legal recourse since I signed a lease that included a certain amount of amenities in the cost that weren’t available in the last few months of living there?"
"Unsure about earned sick time in MA I'm a per diem non-benefitted employee at a large healthcare organization in the Boston, MA area. Massachusetts law requires that most workplaces must give employees earned sick time, and my organization isn’t exempt from this. At my workplace, benefitted employees accrue benefit time (BT) that is supposed to be used for all time off including vacation and illness.

Last spring, I worked at the same organization but was earning benefits because I held a 20 hour per week position. One time I was sick with a one day stomach virus so I had to stay home from work. I was told by occupational health that I couldn't return to work until it had been 72 hours since my symptoms had stopped. Since I was scheduled to work the following day, I ended up having to miss that shift as well even though I felt fine. I was accruing about 2 hours of BT per week, and when I looked at my paycheck I saw that I actually had a negative balance for benefit time. I also saw that I had 20+ hours of earned sick time. I emailed my manager and said that I thought there had been a mistake with my paycheck, and that I wished to use my earned sick time to cover the time that I had missed. She replied that earned sick time could only be used for approved absences for surgery or an extended illness.

At the time this incident occurred I was quite busy with school and some other things so I was annoyed but didn't follow up on it. More recently, a friend at work was in a similar situation, and was frustrated that all her BT, which she wanted to use to request time off for vacation, etc. had been used to cover a couple shifts that she had missed due to illness, despite her having a large balance of earned sick time hours.

From what I understand, the law states that employees can carry over up to 40 hours of earned sick time from year to year. If benefitted employees at my work are never able to use these hours, then they're going to hit the maximum of 40 hours and miss the opportunity to continue accruing more time. The law also doesn't say anything about not being able to use sick time for short illnesses, etc. (what my boss said), but since there's BT for that maybe this isn't illegal. These policies seem unethical to me, and I'm not sure if they’re legal. What do you think? Thank you in advance for any information you can give me!

UPDATE: I actually managed to find a document explaining BT, and at the end it has an addendum about the law. It says: 

&gt;Employees may use accrued paid sick leave for the following purposes:

&gt;a) to care for the employee’s child, spouse, parent, or parent of a spouse, who is suffering from a physical or mental illness, injury, or medical condition that requires home care, professional medical diagnosis or care, or preventative medical care; or
&gt;b) to care for the employee’s own physical or mental illness, injury, or medical condition that requires home care, professional medical diagnosis or care, or preventative medical care; or
&gt;c) to attend the employee’s routine medical appointment or a routine medical appointment for the employee’s child, spouse, parent, or parent of spouse; or
&gt;d) to address the psychological, physical or legal effects of domestic violence.

&gt;The first 40 hours taken in a calendar year for any of the aforementioned purposes shall be considered protected time under the Massachusetts Earned Sick Time Law. The calendar year is defined as January 1 – December 31. Additional time will not be provided to employees who use all of their time for other purposes (i.e., vacation or personal time). Employees will be permitted to carry over up to forty (40) hours of unused sick time into the following calendar year, but are not permitted to accrue beyond their maximum sick time and are not permitted to use more than forty (40) hours per calendar year.

So does this mean that they should have taken sick time out of my MA sick time balance before going into my BT?"
[KY] Truancy Concerns So a few weeks ago, I got a letter delivered to my parents from my school, stating that I had been late to class 3-4 times or so and that I was considered truant. Keep in mind no one from the school had said anything to me about this, but they did to my parents, and they also said in the letter that I would be considered a habitual truant if I was late to class two more times. However, I turned 18 on the fifteenth (I’m a high school senior btw) and a friend of mine told me that truancy laws don’t apply to me, and I read somewhere on here stating something similar. Is that true? Do I have anything to worry about here?
"There's a confidentiality oath with lawyers, right? I told my lawyer some details about something I do at times that doesn't hurts anyone and is of nobody's business really, but I get paranoid. There's no way my employer would eventually know this unless he goes and tells them, tho not only do I imagine he's got better things to do than that but even if he wanted he won't because there's a confidentiality oath right? I thought it if not relevant to the investigation something he should know shall he needed to stop an interrogation at a time. They ended up asking nothing of the sorts just as he said. I'm in Texas.

Thank you."
"My wife was in a car accident leaving her job. Workmen’s compensation is trying to find a way to not pay her. Should I lawyer up? Hi everyone. I received a phone call the other day that every spouse dreads hearing. My wife was in a major accident leaving from work and was rushed to the hospital. After a few surgeries, it appears she’s going to be okay. Now, let’s get into the meat of this and where my problems are.

My wife works for a hospital and part of her job is to travel to other clinics owned by this hospital to do her job. When she took her job, this travel section was in her job description. When she does have to travel, she is paid for mileage. On the day of her accident , she was leaving an outreach clinic and returning back to her home base to gather supplies. Before, I forget, she doesn’t always travel as most of her time is spent working at the “home” hospital. Anyways, when filing the paper work for workers compensation, on question was if this accident was job related. While driving is not technically her job (she works with children) she was injured on the clock, so I said yes. The representatives of the workman’s compensation company disagree and state that, while unfortunate, this aspect of her job isn’t actually considered to be part of her job. Should I get a lawyer or are we screwed? 

If more information is needed, I’ll try to provide as much as I can. We live in PA.  Thank you."
"Is this fair use?    I'm making a speedpaint of my submission for the sailormoon redraw challenge thing, and thought it'd be really cute to put some songs from the sailormoon ost in the background. I'll put links to each and every song in the description and a ""song playing"" will be in the corner.
   Is this fair use?"
My BF got a ticket in Montana for speeding (90 in an 80) on Aug29, now he gets a notice in the mail saying his Michigan license is suspended because of too many points. We went on a roadtrip in August and he got a speeding ticket in Montana that he payed on the spot (40$). On his Michigan license he had 11 points, but since it was in a different state he wasn't too worried about it. Yesterday he got a notice in the mail that his license is suspended for 3 months because that ticket put on an additional 3 points, putting him at 14 points. Is there anything he could do to get maybe just restricted license? He needs to get to work and school. 
State Farm won't allow me to see a policy before paying? So we're in escrow for a house and so we're trying to compare prices for bundling car and home insurance. I was able to get a quote from State Farm but when I asked for the actual policy that details what is and is not covered, he said that it is illegal to provide that before payment. That just sounds completely backwards. This is in California. Is this true?
"Landlord won't provide emergency contact method - Ontario, Canada Hi there LA,

First time poster blah blah. So my issue is a pretty simple one. My landlord refuses to provide us with a phone number that they can be reached at. I have been trying to get one since we signed our lease but the LL keeps dodging the question saying that email is the best way to contact them. 

Well, we had a small flood last night and ""the best way to contact them"" wound up in us waiting 12 hours to even hear from the LL, much less have them on-site to assess the issue. This is not the first time they have been less than prompt in dealing with an urgent issue; for example our apartment was broken in to last summer and the LL took almost 36 hours to respond. This was a major issue as the thief had taken keys to our unit door and the building front door so locks needed to be changed ASAP.

I've taken a look over the Residential Tenancies Act and the Landlord Tenant Board website but can't find anything to answer my question. Any chance you of you lovely ladies/gentlemen would be able to help me out? Thanks in advance!
"
"Need to know how to file criminal charges against someone for fraud This scammer has screwed with the wrong person. He claimed to have filed a lien against my rental property for HOA dues that were overdue (management company admits they never mailed bill to correct house). The problem is no lien was ever filed and that’s a violation of the fair debt collection act. I’m also about to sell this property and have to pay the trumped up charges (yes, small claims court is in my future along with two separate FDCA violations), but the debt collector told me (on a recorded phone call, disclosed I was recorded) that he had a lien, charged me for it, and I had to pay. All lies to pad the debt collectors bottom line.

I want to file criminal charges. Is that possible?"
"Landlord took rent without my permission Hey guys,

So I moved to this building about 3.5 years ago, and at the time also signed up for the gym for $15/month. I set up the gym payment on pre-authorized debit, but have been paying my rent by cheque (I'm not fully comfortable with direct-debit for large amounts). I have never missed or been late on a rent payment.

Recently the building management company changed and they launched a residents portal. They have been pushing for everyone to register and set up auto-payment through there. Apparently something happened with February and they were unable to auto-debit my gym payment (they said it's something to do with their system change with the new management company). I dropped off a cheque for the $15 and then earlier this week I registered and set it to auto-pay the $15 each month going forward. 

Today I logged in to the portal to check that the gym payment was being processed and saw that they had set up auto-payment for my entire rent without my knowledge or consent. It also showed that the cheque I gave them had been deposited, so they are basically charging me rent twice for this month.

My question is, if I authorize them to take $15/month, can they legally adjust and take however much they want without my authorization for that amount? Shouldn't they need me to sign an additional authorization form for rent?

I am located in BC, Canada.


Also if anyone is interested, the funds have not come out yet, so I have called my bank and told them to block any direct debits from the company in the amount of my rent, so ideally I should be covered and will not have to pay double rent... The management company seems unapologetic and said they will just refund me the money, but I'm not okay with loaning them a couple thousand dollars whenever they feel like taking it."
"What are the legal implications of being listed as a “team member” on a business’s website? So I’m working as a consultant for a company on a contract, but have no other business agreements with them. However they wanted to put me on their website as a team member, i think to help in getting investors related to my work. 

I’m currently having some trouble with them concerning details of the contract and misdirecting the work. Basically i think they’ve been dishonest to get more free worth out of me. 

Therefore, I’m not sure i want to represent the company by being on their website."
"Lease renewal Im renewing my lease with my landlord, and they've agreed to keep rent the same. I've never missed a payment and don't plan on it. However this past year my roommate has complained about the noise from the downstairs laundromat in our building (commercial space owned and rented out by landlord). They couldnt figure out how to fix the noise but swapped in some thicker glass for the windows that didn't really fix the issue. At one point my roommate threatened to withhold rent because the whining exhaust noise was 7am-pm every day (roommate subleasing from me, I'm the only one on lease). 

Now I've assured my landlord I have no intention of withholding rent (over the phone) and talked with my roommate about how I'm not going to go crazy with the landlord over this noise issue. The landlord sent a separate agreement along with lease renewal form stating 'tenants are fully satisfied [with landlord efforts to reduce noise], this [noise] will not be an issue going forward and tenant will not withhold or delay rent' asking me to sign.

I'm just worried about the off chance the noise worsens after the laundromat resumes business (closed now due to covid) this would mean the landlord wont have to do anything. 

Again, I don't plan on fighting it but dont want to end up signing away my rights if the noise somehow comes back worse.

Should I negotiate the wording of the agreement? Is the agreement just a shady practice by the landlord? 
Should I just not sign and only sign the renewal? 

Brooklyn, NY."
"Online harassment My ex (21/M) has been harassing me (19/F) online. He can’t harass me irl because he’s in Utah and I’m in Canada. He emails &amp; calls me relentlessly. When I block him, he makes new accounts. He’s gone as far as to contact my family and friends and even people I barely know. He’s called my mothers home phone. He’s made new accounts to get in contact with my friends. He doesn’t threaten me, but he continuously threatens his own life. &amp; threatens to send me videos of himself self-harming. Do I just make all new social media &amp; a new email &amp; change my phone number? (I’ve already tried blocking his phone number but he somehow found a way to still blow up my phone with his contact appearing as “blocked number”).  Anything else I can do?? It’s taking a serious toll on my day-to-day life. I’m happily in another relationship now. This has been happening on a near-daily basis for about 3 (4?) months. 

TL;DR : My ex has been harassing me &amp; my family &amp; my friends online for 3-4 months and I don’t know what to do. "
"I Rear-Ended a Drunk Driver, Hypothetical Question Today I ended up rear ending someone, there was moderate traffic and i was following too closely. What had happened, was that the driver of a black truck in front of me braked very hard (smoke was coming out of his tires) and I didnt have enough distance to brake in time without hitting him. Luckily no one was hurt, and lucky enough for me the driver that i had hit decided he didnt want any kind of compensation because there was very minor damage done to the back of his truck where we collided. On the other hand, there is a hole punched in my car, and my hood is basically popped open. The car is still driveable, but basically I'm upset that I made such a mistake, but also very lucky that it didnt get wven more serious and no one was hurt. 

But, while I was talking with the driver I hit, I realizied that the man was drunk. His eyes were red, and he was strangely relaxed, so he had to be on the influence of something. When the crash happened, I called my dad (the owner of the car) to come help, as i am a new driver, and was generally just in shock. The driver i had hit also only spoke Spanish, so I had my dad translate. Apparently, the driver had said that he broke so hard because the streetlight had turned red, but when ee collided we weren't at the light. We were still 5 cars away from the light. Regardless, we were still let off. But if I had contacted the police, would the man be held slightly responsible for his drinking? Because the matter is sorted now, I am not planning to go back and try to get compensation, because I do feel this is my fault and I will take responsibility. But I do wonder if I had contacted the police, if the other driver would have been held with some responsibility as well."
"sources of income for support my ex took 500k home equity loan in Jan in addition to his regular income except the 6 weeks of covid closings. He claims can't pay me for loss of income due to pandemic.

Is the 500k cash infusion from a few months ago factored into his ability to pay me? We're in PA."
"Trouble with realty company and lease Hi! I’m in college and I share an apartment with two other people. Both of my roommates had previously lived in our apartment with someone else for a year and I took over this girls room. The realty company switched for our apartment right after I moved in and we are not allowed to contact the property owner. The original realty company and owner were unaware that my roommates had pets at the time and they would not have allowed that. After I moved in, the owner switched realty companies and we had to go in and sign a new lease with this realty company. Roommate #1 slipped up and told the new realty company that we have pets, so the realty company notified the owner. The owner was apparently pissed because he had turned other people down who had applied for the apartment that also owned pets. Roommate #1 has a dog. Roommate #2 and I each have our own cat. We were all supposed to go in together and sign a lease but our schedules were hectic so roommate #2 and I went and signed the lease first without roommate number #1. When we signed our lease the woman who was working there informed us that the owner would be enforcing a $100 pet fee for each cat and a $300 pet fee for each dog. So this would be totaling $500 in pet fees all together. When roommate number #2 and I signed the lease it stated that we would have to pay $500 in pet fees but it did not specify how much of the total fee each person was responsible for. It also did not specify that cats are $100 and dogs $300. Our realty company doesn’t allow us to pay our total rent individually so we thought the pet fee would have the same concept of no partial payments. (We each pay our own part just at the same time so we have the total). 

Roommate #1 was unhappy about having to pay the $300 for their dog so they had their mother contact the realty office. I know there was some back and forth conversation between roommate #1, their mother, and the realty office for a few days. When I discussed this with roommate #1 they seemed a little shady and this person always tends to have their best interest at heart (before anyone else’s). Roommate #1 eventually told roommate #2 and I that the realty company had discussed it with the owner and the $500 pet fee was to be split between the three of us because it “wouldn’t be fair” to make her pay the $300 for the dog. At this point I contacted the realty company and they confirmed that the $500 fee would be split between us. I tried to argue with them that when roommate #2 and I signed the lease we were told we would only be paying $100 each. Now roommate #2 and I do not know how to go about handling this situation. I know that legally it probably wouldn’t be worth pursuing, but is there something I can do/say to the realty company that would scare the property owner into abiding by the original pet fees he decided on before roommate #1 intervened?.. 

I also want to add that a woman who works with the new realty company did an inspection in our apartment and commented that there was no sign of animals and that we were keeping the place in shape. She even took pictures to give the owner a “peace of mind”. She also made a comment to me about how the owner was scared we were going to “vacate” after finding out about the pet fees. Is there something I can do to encourage the owner to abide by the original fees that they decided on?"
"(Atlanta, GA) Landlord refuses to fix major damages to property, claiming it is our responsibility. As the title suggests our (3 tenants) landlord has refused to fix major damages to the unit after nearly 4 months of notice. The damages include multiple holes in attic (heating and cooling the unit is astronomically expensive because of this, so we usually avoid turning on AC or heat), rodent infestation from said holes (presumably squirrels), broken refrigerator (replaced out of pocket by tenants), front door lock corroded beyond use, and a hole in the ceiling of the bedroom from our attempts at solving the rodent issue. We emailed the landlords in January of this year with these problems and never received a response. A repairman was sent weeks after the email was sent to patch the hole in our ceiling with no warning, so none of us were home. He left the drywall on our porch, and it has been sitting there for close to three months now, getting damaged from exposure to rain, cold, humidity, and heat. We haven't heard from the repairman since.
There are plenty of other issues that we have faced with this unit as well that were not included with the email such as; backdoor hinges broken leaving the backdoor nearly unusable, a broken shower handle, broken window, leaking pipes beneath kitchen sink, a washing machine that, although it does clean our clothes, is so loud we have had neighbors complain from the noise.
We can't afford to ""repair and deduct"" especially since all of us have lost our jobs from the Covid pandemic. We replaced the refrigerator a few months back but the old one is still in our backyard since we can't transport it anywhere to dispose of it.
Essentially, we are looking to withhold our rent until the unit is in full repair. Landlord claims that we are responsible for all maintenance except for small fixes, such as our sink. Our lease mentions ""Maintenance of (appliances) is tenants responsibility"". Does this include completely non-functioning appliances? We are responsible for pest control in our lease, but because of the major damages to the attic are we responsible still to clear our attic of pests regularly? We signed the lease for the unit ""As-is"" does this exempt them from repairs, or place the responsibility for repairs on us, or are they still responsible to keep the unit in full repair?
Thanks for any and all feedback!"
"(US, California) Insurer debate between injury and illness I have a knee injury that requires surgery (torn meniscus). The cause is indeterminate but the doc said I’m too young for it to be degenerative. There was just no “aha” moment. It began about a year ago and I’ve been in continuous treatment since then before finally getting surgery. 

I have short-term disability insurance at work. The insurance has an elimination period of 0 days for an injury, 7 days for a sickness (direct quote from the plan documents). The insurance adjuster told me that I would have a 7 day elimination period for this, which I questioned as this is clearly (to me, anyways) an injury and not a sickness. 

The plan glossary defines injury as:

&gt; a bodily injury that is the direct result of an accident and not related to any other cause. 

And sickness:

&gt; An illness or disease. 

These are the only two possibilities. It seems to me there is a gap consisting of injuries not caused by an accident OR by an illness or disease. 

I asked the adjuster to look into it, but I’m not expecting much. Am I boxed in by the confines of this policy or do I have a leg to stand on?"
Had a seizure because of an Ad on YouTube, now in the hospital? Was watching YouTube with my sister when an ad for a Pixel 4 popped up. I tried looking away, but next thing I realized I am in a hospital. I'm not sure what to make of it. Just a very scary experience seeing your family crying surrounding you. My sister said my lips started to turn blue and I was choking while flailing about. I don't have a history of epilepsy. I wish I could link the ad, but I'm scared to go looking for it, and my sister can't seem to find an upload on YouTube. She said it started by flashing green and red on the screen, and then a Pixel 4, and Santa was there. I live in Virginia, USA.
"[Florida, USA] Found fiance's stolen uniform with her rescue inhaler. Is there any action we could take against her employer for letting this happen? My Fiance works for a crafts store you may have heard of (or it's Supreme Court case). Today, as we were riding our bikes to her work, we happened to find her employee vest on the side of the road. Apparently someone (I assume a co-worker) stole it out of the employee break room and left it in the street. To make things worse, my fiance had left her rescue inhaler in her vest pocket prior to it being stolen!

When we found it, I told my fiance to tell her HR ASAP (I already know her managers won't do a thing) so something can be done about this. Apparently, the last few people to go to HR with problems and concerns were fired... by my fiance's managers... Is there anything we can do about this legally? I am outraged that someone would take someone's inhaler and put their life at risk. I am even more outraged by the fact that she can't even talk to anyone about it or she'll be fired!"
"A dentist is using his PPE loan to help his new wife start a MLM in the office instead of buying his staff PPE. Is that illegal? My girlfriends mom works for a dentist as a hygienist. In Kentucky they are looking to open dentists offices soon and they will need increased PPE, since they work in such a high aerosol environment. The dentist received an $80k loan from the government for PPE. Instead of buying PPE for his staff, he is using the money to help his new young wife (for whom he left his wife and she is his daughter’s age) found an area within the dentistry to sell supplements or some crap like that. Aside from this being morally abhorrent, is it illegal? Can he use tax payer money for PPE and not use it for PPE?

Family connection aside, I am angry as a tax payer that my taxes are being spent to go towards supporting an MLM.  If this is illegal, what actions can someone or the staff take to make sure the money goes elsewhere, without getting the business shut down?"
Can an employer deny my sick time request? - Oregon I'm in Oregon. Salem to be exact. I know that if my employer has more than a certain amount of employees they have to off use paid sick time but I only get PTO. Can they deny my request for sick time if I'm using PTO seeing I don't have a separate vacation and sick pool?
"Leasing agency making me move out during COVID-19 just to move back in 10 days later. How can I stop this? On mobile, sorry for formatting. 

I am currently leasing a house from a leasing agency in NC. I am a college student, so leases renew in the summer. I’m planning on living in the exact same house next semester, but my two roommates are moving out. 

My two roommates are not helpful in my situation at all. They refused to sign a change-of-tenant form because they worried we wouldn’t pay them the security deposit (even after telling them we would pay them before they signed). To accommodate this, the leasing agency drew up an entirely new lease, which treats me as if I am a brand new tenant that has never lived there. As a result, they told me I have to move out for 10 days. Annoying, yes, but I was desperate for housing so I agreed. 

This was all before COVID-19. I’m now in New Jersey, a hotspot for the virus. They want me to come back to NC, move all my stuff out, and move it back in 10 days later. I’ve contacted them about my situation and this is the response I got:

“I hope this email finds you well.  I have checked in with our leasing team and property management team to see what options are available for you to remain in the property.  The only solution we have would be to complete a change of tenant - and void the new lease.  As I remember the outgoing tenants were not amenable to this because of the security deposit exchange.  You could pay the security deposit to the outgoing tenants which would hopefully convince them to sign a change of tenant form.  The security deposit we have held in escrow would remain, and it would be returned at the end of the lease provided there is no damage.  The new tenants would need to feel comfortable with the property being left as is with no turnover.  This would be the only way as we cannot complete the inspection with anything remaining in the property.  Please let me know if you have questions I can answer.”

Are there laws protecting me from this? Any advice would be helpful. TYIA!"
"Landlord is claiming I broke the pool and have to pay for new parts? First of all, I rent a house in the state of Arizona. In our rental agreement, it says that the landlord is responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the pool, as well as cleaning. I specifically made sure I didn't have to take care of the pool when I moved in, because I don't know how.

 We have a pool guy who comes around a few times per month and cleans the pool, checks the motor, etc. When my roommates and I first moved in, he told us the water levels were low and that we needed to fill the pool more frequently. 
We have been filling the pool very frequently and keeping the levels high enough (or so I thought. I've never had a pool before.) Honestly sometimes they would get low but we always filled it right back up. We live in AZ and the water evaporates FAST.

Today my landlord called me and told me the pool motor has stopped working and needs new bearings. The pool guy told him this happens when water levels are left low for too long. It will be a $280-400 repair. He told me I have to pay for it because ""I was the one who didn't keep the pool full enough."" He also told me I should have notified him when the pool motor was making loud noises so it could have gotten fixed before the bearings completely gave out (I thought that noise was normal for pool motors. I'm not the pool guy. I don't know.)


Am I actually responsible for paying the full cost of repairing or replacing this pool part? It was agreed upon that pool maintenance was not the tenant's responsibility. 
The house and pool are both quite old and the bearings and motor were probably about to give out anyways due to age. "
"[CA, US] Planning to start a business (financial services), what's the best way to research laws/guidelines to ensure compliance. I've spent most of my career in the finance industry, and while I feel pretty comfortable in terms of compliance and guidelines, I want to make sure I'm doing things completely compliantly as I begin starting my own business.

Obviously consulting with a lawyer is going to be the best bet in terms of getting a full understanding of laws/guidelines when it comes to certain things, but I feel like I should reserve that for specifics, and answer most of the ""general questions"" through my own research to save both the lawyer's and my time. 

So, how does one go about finding and researching laws and/regulations (along the lines of FDCPA, Dodd-Frank, etc.) prior to starting a business both on a state and federal level?"
"CRO ANNUAL RETURNS (Ireland)  

Hello, my name is Richard Zou and i currently live in Ireland. So my current circumstances are that the CRO are asking for annual returns for a company that has not been operational for that last 10 years . My father opened the company and my mother signed in order for the company to be operational and because of that we have a problem. My father deserted the family back in 2011 leaving behind a debt with the company and our home. Our home is under arrears but luckily we are working to get mortgage to rent in place. But the company that was opened by father has been reinstated as the company had an asset the creditor wanted.

My mother is on social welfare and we cannot afford to get legal advice on the matter. My mams social welfare adds up to 15000 a year and the required annual returns are quoted at 3000 - 5000 euros. This is not a sum we can get that easily as you are probably aware. So i am trying different measure in order to try get that sum

I am trying to start a gofundme but i am not able to post on subreddits due to low karma. My account is over 3 years old and i would appreciate some advice on the matter

Thank You

Richard Zou"
"my partner (16) is in a very distressing emotionally abusive household, how would him and i (17) go about being emancipated to get him in a safe environment? my partner’s parents are detrimental to his mental health, he has regular panic attacks and overwhelming trauma caused by living in the situation he’s in. i am planning to get a job as soon as i graduate high school next week though i don’t turn 18 until september. 

he does infact have a job and i am looking for places that we could comfortably live in, so i would like to know how to go through the process of being emancipated as minors to get him in a safe living situation?

he has told me that cps was no help to him and his parents’ abuse worsened when they learned about him calling to try and get himself out of that situation. 

i worry for him a lot, even if we weren’t together i would do anything to help him, can someone please walk me through the steps to get him in a safe environment asap?"
Teacher refused trip to nurse (TN) Language teacher refused to send student to nurse because he didn’t know how to ask to go in the foreign language (only the first semester). He had an injury from the class prior. It was from improper posture when shooting during archery practice. His arm was swollen, purple, and it looked quite painful. She told him to ask around to see if anyone knew. He didn’t figure it out until half an hour later (no one knew due to poor teaching). This teacher has treated students poorly, and ruined GPAs over simple mistakes. I want to know what Tennessee law this violates (because surely it does). Thank you.
"Receiving a scam check soon. What should I do? [SLC, UT] Sorry if this is the wrong post flair.

I applied to a IC job that I found out is a scam. They are sending me a $550 check which I'm supposed to deposit to my bank account and pay it to someone else (which I won't be doing).

Should I keep the check, deposit it to my account, or is there someplace I can take it to?"
(NC) Ordered wheels but they were discontinued and tire shop is refusing to give me a refund As the title says, I ordered some wheels from a tire shop right before Christmas and signed to have them order and they told me they would call me once they have been ordered to tell me when they will be arriving, a week and a half passed by and I never got a call back so I gave them a call and they said that they had forgotten but we’re going to order them now, then it turns out the wheels have been discontinued, but they already charged the amount to the in store credit card. I asked for a refund but they told me that they could not issue me a refund because it was a special order and they would have to charge me a restock fee even though the tires were never ordered and they are discontinued which does not make sense to me. They tried to offer me different wheels but I already ordered different ones from a different shop that I liked better. Can they really not issue me a refund? Do I have to file a dispute? What are my options?
"Parking ticket/towing So about 2.5 weeks ago my car got towed in the city of San Francisco. When I went to get my car back, I noticed a ticket slapped onto the windshield. I have to pay my ticket by this Saturday but I also wanted to protest the towing because I truly feel that it was unjust (long story). I sent in my protest for the towing and luckily I didn't think to check the parking ticket for my license plate because if I did, I wouldn't have known that they wrote it wrong on the ticket!!!

My question is, should I even bother protesting the ticket since the ticket misspelled the license plate? They wouldn't even be able to track it down right?

There is a photo on file though...

TL;DR: got a parking ticket, they misspelled my license plate on the ticket, it's due this Saturday, should I even protest/pay it?"
"Don’t want to live with parents I am 15 years old in GA.

My brother has been having violent episodes for years now. Unfortunately, my parents allow him to live with us. Last night he had one and he finally went to jail. But my parents are already saying they’re letting him come back when he gets out.

On top of that, both he and my other brother do drugs around us all the time. My parents are careless and won’t do anything about any of this. I’ve tried to talk to them. I really just don’t want to live here anymore. But I don’t want to get anyone else in trouble. What can I do? I MIGHT be able to live with my grandparents but it’s a long shot."
Got sued for back rent and damages. Was never on the lease. Please help. I moved in with my aunt in June 2014 to get away from a bad relationship. Two months later my aunt tells me we have to move right away so we did. I now no longer live with her because she kept raising the amount she wanted me to pay her for rent. A week ago I recieved a letter for a lawsuit that was already ruled on saying that my aunt and I owe $6475 for back rent and damages. I've come to find out that my aunt was having trouble with her ex fiance at the time that I first moved in with her and that they were being evicted. She decided to stay and not pay rent for a couple months. Her ex fiance was able to fill in the proper paper work to be released from the lease so he is not named in the lawsuit. I am being told that since I stayed at that apartment with my aunt for more than 15 days that I am just as liable as my aunt for the rent and damages. I wanted this to go away as quickly as possible becuase I didn't want to feel so stressed out. I spoke to the collections and we had an inital figure of $2500 that I would pay in a lump sum to be dropped from the case. Now that I spoke to them again they are saying that I need to pay at least half of the total amount. At this point I am feeling very stressed out because I had to get a loan for the $2500 and now they want more. They are also saying that if my aunt does not take responibilyt for the other half taht they would come after me and garnish my wages for the full amount. Which some how they calculate to be over $9000!! That number is no where on the letter I recieved. What can I do to make this go away?? What options do I have available? Am I really responsible for any of the money owed?  Please help me. I live in Santa Clara, California
"Amazon holding $850 from me for months and are closing my support cases without a reply Hello, going to try and keep this short. Long story short I started selling on amazon, made $850 in sales in the first month or two. My account got suspended because I had to cancel ordered (coronavirus and life). I tried to get my account unsuspended but they rejected my attempt.

I gave up on that and just opened a support case asking how I could get my money and when and stating I had no interest in getting my account reopened I did not want to sell anymore, but they gave me an automatic reply asking for the information required to unsuspend my account. I replied saying something like I dont want to reopen my account I just want information on how I can get the money I earned from my sales out of my account and into my bank account. They gave me the original reply over and over again and now anytime I reopen my case they just mark it as answered without emailing me or replying or anything whatsoever. 

I started trying to get support back in January and now it is May and I think its kinda crazy that they are just holding my money for months without contact. My last 3 attempts to reopen support cases ended in them just being closed after a few days no word back from them at all.  I tried calling the normal support line, but its closed because of coronavirus right now."
(NM State) If I give 30 days notice to my landlord on the 13th of May how much of June's rent would I be responsible for? I found a different place to live (after May 1st) and my lease ends on June 1st. However, I didn't give my landlord 30 days notice so my lease will automatically renew for month to month on June 1st. My question is will I be responsible for the rent for the entire month of June if I give notice in the middle of May?
Texas-Landlord troubles My husband was working for a company and the boss rented us out a house. Rent &amp; the water bill came out of my husbands paycheck, we never got anything in a contract but have proof we've paid rent and water. A few days ago the boss came by and let my husband go, he said not to worry about some advances my husband took when he first started working and we had a week to get out. Within an hour he called the city and had our water meter taken, thus shutting off the water service. I called him to ask him to put it back on &amp; reminded him we have a 3 month old. When that didn't work out we found out we can take legal action &amp; went to the local judge who contacted him &amp; informed him turning off the water is illegal, he said he still wouldn't turn it back on. Today the landlord called and said if we didn't cause him grief with a lawsuit about turning off the water he wouldn't sue us for the advances my husband took (about 2k) when i reminded him he said to let it go he said he said that before he found out we were playing hard ball. I kept pressing that we needed the water turned back on and legally we had 30 days to stay in the house with a written notice, he said he disagreed. Anyway, he is turning the water back on now but i'm still wondering if I should file a lawsuit. We moved in &amp; didn't have water, electric or sewage. The entire time we've been here there has been no heating or cooling system and the last week before he let my husband go we didn't have any hot water. Would it be worth filing a lawsuit against him as a landlord even if he sues us for the advance? 
Landlord called and gave 30 days to move out so he can sell the place [NJ] My aunt lives with her daughter, daughters b/f, and 2 grandchildren in a rented rancher. Month to month agreement. No lease. Rent is paid on time with direct deposits into the landlords bank account. The landlord called the daughter and said they have 30 days to move out cause he's going to put the house up for sale.  I've seen similar posts but in other states, and there wasn't much of a definitive answer anyway. What rights do my aunt and her family have? Do they have to leave? How much time do they have? Do they have to allow prospective buyers to look inside? If sold, how much notice would the new owners have to give to evict? Etc.....
"Neighbours complained about side job and now my parents business is closed. My parents restaurant has been shut due to the neighbours complaining about my parents side job. Which is collecting scrap metal. There home and business is connected. And the backyard is where all the scrap metal is. The health inspector came and forced there way into their house. Obviously knowing that an inspector is coming. They but some of the containers in the other kitchen and living room. But they also went into the backyard. My question is. Are health inspectors allowed to come into my parents home despite it not being connected to the restaurant? This is
in Canberra , Australia btw. "
"Help with my auto insurance not wanting to repair my car. I am in San Diego, CA

I was recently in a car accident and my car received most of the damage and it was towed at the scene of the accident. The car wa still drivable, the only reason it got towed was because I was too shaken up to drive myself.

 After getting home I called Nationwide (my insurance provider) and filed my claim. I relaxed a bit knowing that I have full coverage and shouldn't have to worry too much. 

A few days later I am contacted by an inspector that looked at my car and he informed my that it is a total loss, I then spoke to someone else that gave me my options for a total loss. Either $10,281 if I decide to let the insurance company take it or $7,000 if i decide to retain it. after I asked a few questions I was informed that repairs to my car would cost around $7400 and most of that went to body repair, airbags, impact sensors. no damage was done to the engine and it was still drivable.. I was under the impression that total loss meant that the car could not be repaired.

I'm wondering why Nationwide would offer me 10k or offer $7k when my vehicle could be repaired for $7400.

Also i should add with either option i wouldn't get this money. since I only bought it a year ago i still owe $13,000 both amounts would go to the leinholder either leaving me with 6k or 3k to pay off a car i do not have.

Again, I have full coverage and I thought that with full coverage my insurance would cover the costs for repairs if the car was able to be repaired. "
Contesting a ticket issued from a Florida highway patrolman, do or don't? Got me with a laser, so bad.  I'm basically wondering the risks of going to court (will I definitely get more fees?) or if I put in a little time can I get my fine reduced with no points?  I have the option for traffic school, but poor.  Happened in Marion county around Ocala.
"[AZ] Accused of physically abusing my children by ex-wife, children corroborate story. So I have two young children with a woman that I left several years ago now. She cheated on me multiple times. I tried to stick it out for the kids, but once it became apparent that it would become an unhealthy relationship, I left her. We've had joint custody since. The younger (7 years) one is ADHD and highly impressionable and the other is a few years older (11) and deals with really bad anxiety.

I remarried a couple years ago and everything was fine until early this year when my older child found out we would be having another baby. Since then, she's been becoming increasingly aggressive and insubordinate with my new wife. Her mother has been taking her to counselling, but I don't think it's helping. A couple weeks ago, she got in my wife's face, yelling with her fists clenched. The behavior is worst when I'm not home.

Friday morning, the 7th, they were released early from school and were supposed to walk home, but my wife called me about 20 minutes after they should have been home to tell me they haven't made it yet. Their mother picks them up by car every other Friday, so I called the school to see if they were waiting in the office. Come to find out, their mother was at the school and all three were being interviewed by DCS.

The assistant I spoke to at the school office knows me well because I take care of all my kids' health issues and medication. Police officers and DCS would not speak to her, but she called me back to inform me that they had all left. At this point, I'm worried the kids might have been hurt by their mother or her husband, so I left work for the day knowing I wouldn't be able to get any work done. And since their mother wouldn't answer her phone, I was pretty much in the dark.

On my way home, I get a text message from my ex-wife, informing me that she has temporary custody and that I will be served. I also deal with anxiety so my whole world is flipped upside down. I get home to see a police car outside and find my wife inside being interviewed by DCS. As it turns out, she was accused of punching my daughter in the stomach and strangling my son against a wall.Both of us and my stepdaughter (10) are all interviewed. I assume, they found no evidence to prove any of the accusations. No arrests were made and the DCS guy seemed somewhat sympathetic to our plight.

So, we're left with trying to make the best of our Friday evening, me seriously considering hitting up an urgent care for an emergency Xanax scrip, and waiting over the weekend to be served. Fuck, I can't even send my children to their rooms for discipline without worrying over whether I'm doing the right thing and my wife rescues animals and has been child care for over 10 years. We don't even spank in our home, we're the least violent people you'd ever meet.

We receive the court papers Saturday morning and here's where it starts to get weird. In my ex-wife's emergency custody paperwork, she put down that I punched my son in his stomach until he threw up and exposed them to heat. A completely different story than what DCS told us. It also states that DCS has an open case against us from the previous week and this paperwork was filed on the 3rd. However, DCS didn't interview me, my wife, or my children until the 7th. If they had an open investigation, why would they have waited nearly two weeks to interview any one and why would they have done it Friday while the children were in school?

I can think of a few reasons why my ex-wife and my daughter might make these things up. First, my ex-wife really wants to move back to her home state. If she has full custody, she might be able to get away with that. Second, my daughter now seems to abhor my current wife. Thirdly, my ex-wife seems to be making a great effort to receive as many free food programs as she can: she has the children enrolled in a free weekend food program at school, to which my daughter has admitted to me her mother and husband eat; she has enrolled my children in a free lunch program, while our current arrangement is that we split lunch responsibility; and lastly, her husband is unemployed and requires some sort of surgery on his arm before he can return to work. I believe it could entirely be for child support, which would wreck me financially.

Now here is my dilemma. I feel like I can't even trust my own children. I want to be there for them, but I feel like nothing I have done has made their lives better just because they're influenced by their mother half the time. I'm sure she fills my daughter's ears with vitriol. My relationship with my daughter is shaky. She once told me her mother said I ""have a new family now."" And with my son dealing with ADHD, it feels like a relationship is almost nonexistent. He's called me by my ex-wife's husband's name so many times I've lost count. I cannot risk another instance like this. My wife has a 10 year old and an infant to take care of and if I were so much as arrested until things are sorted out, I risk losing my job.

I was told by a friend of my wife's that her ex-husband had done this to her a couple times and that the judge has to toss it because there isn't any evidence, so I'm feeling confident this will blow over and custody will go back to normal. But I'm scared to let them back into my house. My ex-wife is a real piece of work, what if she marks the kids up next time and tries this again? Or what if my daughter takes more extreme measures herself? Do I need to take pictures of my kids before they leave the house? Am I going to have to invest in a surveillance system to protect myself?

Does any one know what my options are? If my ex-wife put them up to this and I give up custody of just my daughter, I lose my ability to pay for formula and diapers and she gets one step closer to what she wants. Then I feel like it's just a matter of time before they figure out a way to get custody of my son as well. And then what horrific legal action will I face? If I bring my children home, I feel like I'm taking a huge risk. I don't want to force my kids to be with me if they don't want to be here, maybe they're happier with my ex-wife and her husband. But I don't feel like my family should suffer over everything that woman has put me through. I'm really at a loss.

Edit: As an after though, would it be possible to counter her request with my own to remove them from the situation with their mother so that I can have temporary custody while I get them the Counceling they need? Of course, this approach still leaves me vulnerable to the concerns I have with them in my home.

tl;dr: Ex-wife may have put my kids up to accusing me of child abuse. Relationship with those children is waning. Is there a way out of this to protect my family?"
"(Virginia) Division of property between unwed couple What rights does my partner have to items bought solely by me?  

Basically we have been together for nearly 15 years and have aquired a typical household along with a dog, cat, and one young child.  Most of the larger items, furniture etc. were bought with pooled money or gifted to us.  Other items I bought independently, obviously for the both of us to use, appliances for example and in the more extreme a car which my SO solely uses.  All of the items in question were purchased or financed by me without any financial assistance or retribution.  We are not married and to my knowledge there is no common law marriage in Virginia.

If we were to separate what rights does my SO have to claim to those items?  I understand that since my SO has become accustomed to the use of the vehicle that my SO may have some stake in it and I do not wish to create a burden.  At the same time the house is rented to us by my SO's family so I am already at a loss as I will need to furnish new living quarters to minimize the disruption to our child's life."
"Justified use of force during a robbery. I'm out for a walk. Bad guy walks up, pulls a knife, and says 'gimme your wallet.'

I draw a firearm, order him to drop the weapon and get on the ground, and dial 911.

Robber drops his knife and runs. Am I justified in shooting, assuming nothing behind the target?"
"[MD] My ex refuses to leave my house and today her mom came in as well **TL;DR: Ex and I agree to rent a home for me to leave, but now she’s interfering with my parenting role**

This is a very complex situation that I will try to explain first; if it’s not clear I’ll be happy to answer questions for clarification.  My ex and I separated 6 years ago and share custody of a young boy, who attended school in the same district that we both used to live in.  Due to overcrowding and run down infrastructure in the school our kid attended, my ex suggested that I rented a home in a nearby district that has way better schools.

I couldn’t do that because I rented a property and still had seven months in my lease agreement; I would had to pay three months of rent as a penalty if I got out of that agreement.  My ex (who owns her a condominium) told me “no problem, I’ll give you the penalty money” and she did.  She also offered to sign the lease on the new home that I agreed to move into because the deadline to register our kid was about to pass.

So she rented the new home (she is the leaseholder) and I show up as co-resident; I’m the one paying the rent and utilities.  Problem is that now she comes every night to put in my son to sleep, which is something that I’ve been doing exclusively when he’s with me after we separated.  Her reasoning is that she wants to help my son with the transition to the new home; I’ve inquired a couple of times when this “transition” is going to end and she has responded that is her role to tuck in our son to bed and refuses to discuss the matter.

In addition her mom has taken it upon herself to “assist” my son with his home-schooling assignment, including a couple of hours of online conversations with my kid that I wasn’t consulted about.  She has even showed up at my house a couple of times to complain about supposed classes that my kid has missed while staying with me.  I have politely requested that she stays out of my house but that is not working and they are both behaving as if they had the right to be here.

Question is: do they?  I live officially at this home, my ex lives in her own house but since she’s the lease holder, does she have a right to just come into my house whenever she pleases?  We have a parenting agreement that establish who has custody of the child and that only says that we both have a right to speak on the phone with our kid when he’s staying with the other parent.

I consulted with the owner of the house-who owns other rental properties in the same area-about me moving out and renting another property in which I’m the only person in the lease, but he said that according to my current contract my ex would have to sign-off on that.

I’m already planning to do that at the end of the current lease anyway, but I’m months away from that and in the meantime I’m unable to take care of my son while he is at my primary residency.  Also, what recourse do I have regarding my ex MIL? Can I just tell them to stop contacting my son while he is under my care without my authorization?  She seems to believe that she has some “rights” as a grandmother to do this, as she had expressed to me."
"My car got towed because it looked abandoned at the apartment complex I live at. I just had to pay $275 to get my car back from the towing company. Here are the facts. Let me know if there’s anything I can do to get my money back. I live in Cherokee county, GA. 

1. I recently bought a new car and my old car has been sitting unused at my apartment complex while I try to sell it. It was in the same place for 2 weeks. 

2. I have renewed my tag online but I never received a sticker for my license plate. The apartment complex has a rule that my tag must display the current updated registration sticker. This was reasoning for towing my car. 

3. They gave me a warning by placing a sticker on my car window. Since I am using my new car and my old car was parked towards the back of the complex I didn’t see it. 

4. I’ve sent an email to the manager at the apartment complex. He said that since my tag looking expired they would not help pay for the towing fee."
"Someone is parked in a fire lane, which is blocking my car in between a car parked legally and the fire lane car Who should I call to get this car towed? I have to leave for work in an hour and I'm blocked in

should of included I'm in Anne Arundel County Maryland"
"Landlord evicted me and is holding my possessions at ransom - England I have been living in this property since August 15th 2013. The first contract I signed went from August 15th 2013 to July 16th 2014, and the second contract from July 16th 2014 to July 15th 2015. The contract is set up in this way as I am a University student and the housing contracts last for one year at a time. After being at home for the summer I went back to the property on the 24th September 2014 to find that the Landlord had evicted me without reason or notice and moved in 4 new students. He had also taken all belongings that i had left in my room over the summer period and is holding them in his garage. He is refusing to tell me where the garage is so that I can collect my stuff, until I pay him the rent he claims I owe him from July 16th 2014 until he evicted me and moved new people in on September 22nd 2014. I have an appointment at a solicitors to see if I am liable for the rent he claims, and for advice on whether to go to court over the eviction or not, which I'm told was an illegal eviction. I also went to the police to explain that the landlord has stolen my belongings and is holding them at ransom for the 'debt owed' but they told me it is a civil matter and not a criminal matter, and as such, they have no authority to do anything.
Reddit, do you have any advice on how to go about getting my stuff back? And is what he did evicting me and taking/stealing my stuff illegal, and if so, should I go back to the police?

Apologies for any mistakes or errors with the layout, this is my first Reddit post.
Also I live in England

Any and all advice would be appreciated, thanks."
"Are therapists excused from mandated reporting laws for client privacy priveleges? Location: Missouri

Can a therapist opt out of mandated reporting if their client admits to involvement in child pornography distribution groups by claiming therapist-client privacy priveleges? 

My ex-husband (whom I have children with) will only ever admit to his involvement in groups that were trading/distributing child porn during therapy sessions. Is his therapist a mandated reporter in this situation?"
Is pre scanning UPS labels illegal? So, I work at UPS. I’m also really into the sneaker-resell community. And often times, to make the most money reselling sneakers, people will presell shoes before they release. This is where I come into play and scan their UPS label. This is so they buyer of the product things the item is in transit - this allows the seller a buffer period to receive and actually ship the item. Is this illegal? What if the seller doesn’t ship the item, but I scanned it, is it now illegal?  I feel like it’s not illegal, but just unethical, any input would be appreciated! Thanks
"Minnesota Landlord charging $1000 for plumbing repairs after returning security deposit Hey!
I rented a house last year with eight friends.  We all moved out the end of August, did a major clean but since the management is notorious for being assholes with deposits, we got about 3,000 back of the original 4,000.  Not a huge issue since there are so many of us so it wasn't a huge loss.  Although one thing they charged for was an unpaid water bill of around $250, yet we paid all the bills and even contacted the water company to verify this.  But since we'd received the deposit back and the company is impossible to get ahold of I don't think there's anything we can really do.  A lot of their other charges were bullshit too.  'Fridge parts'??  

That's not the big issue though, we just got a letter saying we now owe management over $1,000 for plumbing issues they found.  Apparently there were 'bones, duct tape, and rags' that were flushed down the toilet.  ?!?!  They had also tried claiming six months into living there that someone was flushing paper towels down the toilet.  I don't know how they came up with that out of the blue, but even as poor college students paper towels cost more than toilet paper so we wouldn't waste it in the toilet!  

The consensus from the group is that this is ridiculous and we don't plan to pay the additional 1,000.  I'm wondering if it's possible some animal could have done this?  Maybe that should be a question for 'Ask Plumbers' haha.  Anyway, I'm wondering from a legal standpoint what could happen from this.  Is it legal for them to ask for more money after we've been moved out over a month, already received our deposit back, and new tenants have been living there?  Could it not have been them?  The landlord has a reputation for being 'litigious'  but would he have any success with this case?"
some kid jacking off at my lunch not really that bad, idk where else to post.  but hey. some kid in my lunch is jacking off at lunch, he thinks he’s slick but he isn’t. i’m wondering, will he get in trouble if i tell, because i want this kid to stop because half my lunch knows. he doesn’t whip his junk out, he just rubs it so it’s not nude. so if i tell a teacher will i get in trouble for having the video, and will he be in trouble ?
"[Montana, USA] When does the time a tenant has to pick up their stuff start counting? It's a boyfriend moves in with girlfriend without paying any rent scenario. When moving in all the boyfriend did was change his postal address. Then 6 years later the boyfriend moved out and changed their postal address but left a few things. A few weeks have passed, and the girlfriend still hasn't issued an eviction notice.

Assuming the girlfriend issues a notice today, when does the 30 days for the boyfriend to pick up the rest of his things start counting? A few weeks ago when he changed his postal address? **Or** today when he receives the notice?

Lastly are there any extra actions either party should take and or should have taken?"
"(MO) Renter Being Charged For Non-Existent Damages At the end of December I moved out of a small 610 sq ft 1br apartment I had been renting in preparation for moving into a new home I had purchased. When I moved out of the apartment I cleaned the floor boards, mirrors, sinks, counter tops, toilet, bathtub, and vacuumed the carpet before leaving. I did not leave behind any damage to walls, carpet, or otherwise. A few days prior to moving out, the refrigerator handle broke off (plastic cracked where it screwed into the door) and I notified the complex of in the form of a maintenance request to replace the handle.  

I left the apartment clean and in the same shape that it had been when I moved in, with the exception of the broken refrigerator handle which had not been fixed prior to be moving out. After I had moved out, I was not contacted by the apartment complex to do a final walkthrough at any point. 

I received a letter from the complex stating they were not returning my deposit and requesting approximately $300 in damages to the carpet and to replace the fridge handle. When I reached out to the property manager, they notified me that it was due to excessive animal urine which had ruined the carpet and needed to be completely replaced. 

I own a 7 year old dog which was included on my lease, however I know that my dog NEVER urinated or defecated in the house. When I explained to the property manager that my dog never peed in the apartment, they indicated that was simply not the case as the apartment reeked so bad of urine that they couldn’t rent the apartment. They stated the smell was so intense they had to leave the windows open for a whole month to try and get the smell out. I requested photos of the damage, which they stated they had, and they invited me to come down and smell the apartment for myself as they claimed it still smelled of urine.

After the phone call I emailed the manager to send me the pictures of the damage. The manager stated they had been mixed up and did not actually have pictures. That same day I dropped by the complex with my girlfriend (who regularly stayed at my apartment and knew it did not smell of urine and that there was no carpet damage) and viewed the unit. There was a fresh coat of paint and brand new carpet in the unit and absolutely zero smell of pet urine. The only smell in the unit was the fresh paint and carpet glue smell. While in the unit, the manager continued to state that all they could smell was urine and nothing else. They could not point out any areas where there was damage and kept repeating that all they could smell is animal urine. I know without a doubt that my girlfriend and I are not crazy people and that I did not leave the unit in the condition they are claiming.

I have contacted the regional manager of the property management company (located in a neighboring state and a few hours away from the property) and they stated they were personally in the unit and smelled the urine. They are not willing to eliminate the charges. 

I have to remit payment for the damages by end of tomorrow or else I am sent to collections which will damage my credit (I know this is last minute). I am considering paying the amount and taking the property management company to small claims court to return the money they claimed I had to pay along with the rest of my deposit. Should I not do this or is there a better action to pursue?

Some additional points of note: 

* The carpet was not new when I moved in. 
* I always paid rent on time and paid a considerable amount extra to lease month-to-month during my last few months while I was getting affairs in order for my new home.
* I never had any complaints issued against me. 
* The property management company does not have a ‘no smoking’ policy and allows tenants to smoke in their apartments. I do not smoke, however the smell of cigarette smoke would enter my unit when my neighbors would smoke in their apartments.
* The property management company changed during the course of my lease (about halfway through) with numerous amounts of staff turnover during my time at the complex.
* I never complained during inconveniences that were imposed during my time with the complex such as hot water going out on multiple occasions, typically for 2 days or more. 

**TLDR:** My old apartment is claiming my dog peed on and ruined the carpet and is not returning my security deposit and charging me a few hundred dollars to replace all of the carpet. I know that my dog absolutely did not do this. They did not contact me for a final walkthrough, have no photo evidence of the damage, and claim the smell has been so bad that they couldn’t rent the unit for an entire month and still continues to smell of urine. When I stopped by to smell the apartment, all that could be smelled was fresh paint and new carpet. The property manager and regional manager refuse to eliminate the charges. What should I do?  
"
"My co-workers and I want to strike/protest/boycott. It started when my supervisor misplaced an envelope of money, but the owners of a small juice restaurant I work have been neurotic, controlling, and demanding for a long while.

They accused my supervisor, who has worked with them for 8 years with no incident of this kind, of stealing. She is not allowed to touch the cash register anymore. One owner will have a talk with her Monday to decide her fate. They checked the cameras and there is no proof of her taking the money, but they insist that she stole it.

Now we are no longer allowed to park in the restaurant's parking lot in the back. Apparently, if we were to steal something, it would be easy to lug it in our car and drive off.

We're all Mexican btw. We work in a rich area of Beverly Hills. Hard to think this is not prejudiced thinking. None of us have ever stolen from them.

There's other small stuff: we only get our schedules a week in advance, not two weeks, bc the owner gets anxiety over two week schedules. We are not allowed to switch if we are busy or change our shifts at all. There are only 8 of us, and three got sick these past 2 weeks. It is flu season. One owner said she is done with our excuses and no one can call in sick anymore. Furthermore, she will change our schedules last minute and we have to show up to our shifts. The other day they made me come in 3 hours earlier that same day. This happens a lot.

I am going on vacation for two weeks. The owner told my supervisor to tell me that my hours are not guaranteed upon return, since she will need to hire someone else if it gets busy. BUT she also says that winter hours are slow, and our hours have been cut as a result. I think it is classism—she does not like the fact that I am going on vacation.

They are just not nice paper. They have accused me of stealing too bc I accidentally gave someone a 50% discount instead of a 10% discount—but I am new and I was never fully trained on the discount rules, as I was supposed to be per OSHA rules. 

The other owner also said that he has plenty of pending applications, basically saying that we are very disposable. We want to strike. We can't be fired, right? We have a good cause to? We will take action if they fire my supervisor. My other supervisor wants to look into this legally, but the owners know she is undocumented so she is scared they will blackmail or try to deport her.

What options do we have? We're sick of it."
"I am being forced to quit or terminate employment in order to take time off to visit family over Christmas [Alberta, Canada] I have been a part time employee in Alberta at a Canadian retail chain for the past three years with a salesperson position. A few months ago, I made a request for three weeks off over Christmas to see my family for the first time in a while in a different province. My department manager did not have a problem with it and said that we would have more than enough staff to cover my absence during that period. I was told, however, that I would have to speak to my store manager to confirm things.

The store manager told me that there was no way they could usually allow that and that I would have to quit or, as they said, terminate my employment, in order to get the time off. They then said that though they cannot make any promises, I could come back in January and get my position reinstated. They said that they cannot guarantee it but that it was likely I would get my position back if they still need me.

The store manager also admitted that there was no company policy that stated anything along these lines, about having to quit in order to get time off at this time of the year, and there was nothing in the policy that said I was not allowed time off at this period of the year or for this reason. I was told, however, that it was just an understanding within this part of the company and that if I were given the time off, it would set a precedent and everyone would be asking for time off at Christmas, and I was told that they could not play favourites with me and that this was already a favour.

I don't know what my rights are here, if any, or if this is even something wrong. However, it feels like I am being punished for needing to see my family and having to take some time off for that. I am also concerned about whether I'll actually be able to get the job back as well as my benefits and so on from being with the company for a while.

Thank you very much for your help. I am being pressured to sign documents about this now and hope that I can get some response soon."
Sexual Assault Laws... Is it still considered sexual assault even if the victim says that it wasn't?
"[CA] Do I have to provide a doctor’s note for when I called in sick? Part-time worker at a university (not federal work study). 

Called in sick on Saturday and now I’m in trouble with the boss for not giving enough advance notice that I was sick (keep in mind that he doesn’t answer emails or his phone on the weekends). 

I have a meeting today with my boss to discuss this “serious matter” and I’d like to know if I am required to show him a doctor’s note. I only had food poisoning, so I didn’t go to the doctor’s for that. I have not ever heard any policy requiring that we show one. However, he often will punish us for alleged policies we have not been informed of. Due to this, I would like to know my rights before I meet with him tonight. 

Do I need to show him a note or proof I was sick? "
"Defamation, Education or ??? Hello, 

I previously posted a (deleted) inquiry about whether or not I should seek legal counsel. Yet now am requesting specifics about what type of lawyer to seek counsel from (education, defamation, or civil rights, or ???). 

(WA state).

Tldr at bottom. 

The inquiry is in regards to of being removed from an educational internship. As a teaching masters student last year, I interned at a high school. I co-taught with a mentor teacher in the mentor’s classroom. The mentor teacher and high school made false claims about my professionalism as an instructor which led to the high school terminating the internship about mid-way through the second semester.

The internship was widely going smoothly. Growth in my abilities as an instructor was documented by period evaluation forms from weekly/bi-weekly meetings between my mentor teacher, field supervisor from the university, and myself. 

On a (mostly) weekly basis, my mentor teacher would provide me feedback on what to improve, things to aim for the next week, and any questions/comments. None of the weekly feedback forms ever mentioned anything negative about my professionalism or abilities as an instructor. 

On bi-weekly basis,  field supervisor(s) from the university would observe me instruct a lesson, then provide feedback, discuss observations, etc. during meetings after the lesson. The only “critical” meeting was during the first semester, when the mentor teacher stated a concern that the majority of the courses were AP courses. During the meeting, an action plan was devised to address the concern - which was done so successfully throughout the internship. My professionalism was exemplified in the meeting notes, and proof of growth as an instructor to such a concern was demonstrated when the mentor teacher recommended I compound my internship by teaching with additional mentors to gain even more experience - as I was teaching effectively, etc. The remainder of the feedback forms from the meetings also do not state anything negative about my professionalism/instructional practice. 

In short, any concerns were addressed, my abilities and growth as an instructor and professional were well-documented by numerous feedback forms, observations, and meetings. 



A couple months into the second semester, a student made inappropriate comments/misconduct to me. Not going to type out the entire conversation transcript of the discipline again after doing so the former post, but can assure the discipline was done professionally and appropriately. The first incident the student made an inappropriate comment and I ignored it. The second incident the student made an inappropriate comment, the student was withdrawn from the class, discussed to not repeat such behavior to which the student agreed and understood why comment was inappropriate, then the mentor teacher was informed on what occurred/how it was addressed/etc. The final incident, the student acted inappropriately, the mentor teacher was also involved in the discussions with the student. 

The next day, multiple students were “snapchatting” me during class. When addressed to not do so, during a conversation with a student removed from the class, the mentor teacher told me “admin is handling it.” The mentor teacher did not tell me what was being “handled,” why, or how. 

The next day, I left the high school early to attend a college meeting which is when I was informed that the internship was terminated.

The high school is like a prep-school with a widely affluent demographic. It seemed like the student disciplined for misconduct may have threatened to sue the school, as the mentor teacher was meeting with administration throughout the last two days of the internship, would not include me on conversations, and the student disciplined was not in the classroom during the period enrolled. Just speculation, though. 


After various meetings with the university, the university advised me to cancelled my enrollment and told me I would be forced to complete another year of interning, but also enroll into classes that would fulfill credits that I had already passed. 

The internship termination was shocking. When asked why, the university said “lesson planning, class management” (regarding the “critical” meeting during the first semester, which were both addressed successfully from the action plan, and subsequent meeting feedback forms), but also “that I lacked boundaries.” The university seemed to be falsely implying that the student’s misconduct was my fault and did not provide any proof of such “lack of boundaries.” The university then refused to provide copies of what the high school administration/mentor teacher stated about me. The university also denied my request for access to my own academic records (violating FERPA). 

Eventually, the university provided a copy of a feedback form from the mentor teacher- which was done AFTER the internship ended. The form is the document I would use as reason to pursue suing for libel, as the mentor teacher falsely stated things about my instructional abilities, professionalism, collaboration efforts, respect, attendance, and more! All of which are counter-intuitive to the numerous feedback forms throughout the year which prove otherwise! The university stated that there were additional documents of the false claims but refused to provide me copies.

Throughout the year, the documents about my internship prove otherwise of what was claimed about me by the end of the internship. The claims have now prevented me from interning at that high school, that school district, and has affected my reputation as an instructor and student. 

The high school and university want to “keep me in the dark” about what really made the internship be terminated. Not to mention, expecting additional tuition payments for another year of college. I would be working as a teacher for a year by the time I am now expected to graduate from the masters program. Even just the fraction of claims that I was included on would be slanderous to any prospective teacher. I am also concerned about future employment opportunities. 


In regards to such a circumstance, would I seek legal counsel from an education lawyer, a defamation lawyer, civil rights lawyer, or another type of lawyer? Would the false claims on the (later) evaluation form and forms being withheld from me count as libel?



TLDR: former mentor/internship placement made false claims about me which led to a termination of the internship. The false claims POSSIBLY stem from a student threatening to sue the school about how I disciplined his misconduct (even though discipline was done so appropriately/professionally/with mentor teacher, etc.), and perhaps falsely blamed the student’s misconduct on me as an intern teacher (speculation since the schools refuse to allow me access to my own academic records/event descriptions/etc). Expected to redo previously passed courses, conduct another year of interning, graduate a year later, enter the workforce a year later, may affect employment opportunities and prevented future internship even at the school district. Various evaluation and feedback forms about my instruction and professionalism acquired throughout the internship widely disprove the false claims. High school and university refusing to allow me access to my own academic records/copies of documents explaining why the internship was terminated."
"My brother's baby taken into protective custody after a visit to the hospital revealed a bone fracture. Need to provide explanation of injuries, but he has no idea how it happened. How does he establish trust if he doesn't have the cause? My brother and his wife took their baby to the hospital because he was crying and it seemed like his knee was in pain. The doc said there was nothing wrong, and X-rays were taken. Next day, he's still crying about the knee so they go to a different hospital. They're informed that there's a fracture - that it's clearly an intentional injury - and that they'll have to talk with CPS.

Hours later, their baby is taken into protective custody.  I know that neither he or his wife would have done this, but they have to provide a story for how it happened and how it will never happen again. How can any level of trust be established in court, or with the CPS worker if they don't have any person or event they can associate with the injury?"
"(USA - Ohio and Colorado) Question on long term custody of my children in the event of my death I was granted full custody of my children on January 24th (that was done in Colorado, I petitioned the judge for relocation of my kids and that was granted in September) with my ex not having any visitation or any other parental rights until she gets a drug eval and follows their recommendations.

Some...things have come up and I am now wondering feverishly what will happen to the children in the case of my death.  I live with my mother and in the event of my death I want the kids to stay with her. 

Of course I want them to be with their mother; it would be way better for them in the long run.  But she is unwell and is worse than she was a year ago when I took them and proved her unfitness as a mother then.  

From what I understand I am able to transfer the case to Ohio after six months as long as I can show there are no ties to Colorado left, and to be frank I am not even sure my ex is still in Colorado - word is she up and fled to Arizona to run from a burglary sentencing she has in 3 weeks.  

What are my options if when I do die she is not given the kids outright but only after proving her fitness as a clean, sober and emotionally healthy woman and mother?

Thanks for reading

"
"Accident Suit Co Defendant Houston TX I was involved in an accident in Houston, TX September 2018.

The car was solely financed under my name. 

My mother's name was on the insurance policy in place.

The other driver claimed no injuries at the scene. Then claimed no injuries again on a recorded statement.

We were just served papers May 2020 for $1,000,000 monetary damage, pain and mental anguish.

The insurance companies attorneys are actively working on this.

In the lawsuit they listed my mother as a co defendant for ""negligent entrustment of a motor vehicle.""

She had nothing to do with me owning the vehicle. I was 26 at the time so not a minor.

There are significant assets she owns.

1. Is this something that can be amended?

2. Due to our insurance office writing her as a named insured is she legally responsible as well from my actions?

3. Is this a potential E and O claim if a judgment is made?

4. The title and loan was specifically in my name. Will this affect a judgment being made towards her?

5. How common is it for people to try to sue for a million after claiming no injuries?

Any conjecture or help would be greatly appreciated.

Edit, to clarify the title and loan were in my name only. Our insurance office listed both of us as named insureds."
"(ID) Wife refuses to give me any information about our child. Backstory Nez Perce County, Idaho?, wife and I have been separated for a few months now. I work an extremely low-income job, so I have been saving for but haven't been able to start a divorce case yet. We have a 15-16-month-old son together. Recently she decided to move out of the blue, to another county hours away to live with some random guy. Problem is my son is there. She refuses to contact me regarding anything about him. Is there anything I can actually do to be able to see him?

To add relevant information, I only make ~900 after taxes per month. So not sure that I can afford a lawyer at the moment."
"(New Jersey) Father passed away with no will or power of attorney, my sister and I are in the process of getting Administrator Authorization but family refuses us access to his belongings and paperwork. Our father(60) passed away 11/2019 with no will. He wasn't married or dating, my sister(21) and I(23) are his only children. He lived with his younger sister(54) and mother(90). The house is owned by his sister (grandparents sold to my aunt for $5 back in 2016, a few months before my grandfather passed away).

&amp;#x200B;

I have a 50+ page document(which I update daily) detailing phone calls/text messages/and visits with everyone I have been in contact with about my father since the day after his passing. (Funeral Home, departments of his Union, Banks, my aunt, my father's attorneys, Storage Unit.) I have a 7-page document detailing his belongings and where they are located in the house and storage facility. I also have all copies of his death certificate, cremation certificate, his driver's license and wallets, and his car with registration and insurance.

&amp;#x200B;

My sister and I have been trying to complete as much as possible without the use of a lawyer since we can't afford one. we are also in the process of getting Administrator Authorization through the Surrogate Court, and understand that we need a list/value of his assets. (Car, bank accounts, Annuity and Pension from Union).

Our aunt had said back in November when he passed that our grandmother won't allow anyone into our father's room.  We have explained to our aunt on several occasions that we need his paperwork and computers in order to become Administrators.  She had told us to wait until after the holidays because our grandmother will be calmer by then.  We were forced to wait two months, but I continued to contact his Union, banks, Storage Units, and everyone else I can think of. 

* His Union and Most banks require Executor's Authorization in order to receive the latest statements of his accounts.
* Surrogate Court provided us with an affidavit to receive all Records (Financial, Tax, Medical, Mail, and Union), as well as all personal effects in his house and storage unit.

There are no beneficiaries for his Pension, but we are the beneficiaries of his Annuity.  There is also $5,000 set aside by the Union for Funeral Arrangements.

* The Funeral Home had contacted the Union for payment and was told the money is tied to his Pension and can only be given to his Pension Beneficiaries.
   * I had them do a historical search for who the beneficiaries would be, and they discovered there were none which means we need Administrator Authorization to get access to a statement and those funds.

We had gone to our aunt's house the other day and asked when we can come by to begin collecting our father's paperwork (Not his belongings, just the paperwork).  She had told us that her main concern/priority is our grandmother and that she will die of a broken heart if she sees us going through our father's room. As long as our grandmother is alive, nobody is allowed to go through our father's belongings. 

* Our aunt also contradicted herself by stating she will go into his room for anything we need as long as we tell her what it is we're looking for.
   * We don't understand what the difference is between her going through our father's room to get paperwork, or us doing it.
* Our aunt stated everyone feels we only come by when we want something.
   * In terms of completing everything involving our father? Yes, because we don't want this looming over our heads any longer, and we don't want all his assets to disappear and any debt he may have could increase with each passing day.

She basically shut us out from the family and told us: ""I understand that's not the answer you were looking for, but it is what it is. You can accept it, or do what you have to do.""

&amp;#x200B;

The Probate Clerk told us we can go to the Police with the affidavit and explain that we are going to go to his house to collect his belongings.

Our concerns are this:

* Even with a detailed list of his belongings and their locations, could we show that to the police with the affidavit to secure us collecting these belongings? Or will it become a matter of family dispute?
* What are the procedures for going to the house with the Police?
* Would it be better to get a lawyer before going to the Police?
* What are some ways to look up our father's bank accounts that we may not know of? And any debt, Investments, Stocks, etc.?"
"Buyer not making payments on $500k seller finance deal (business acquisition). So I sold my business for $500k and the buyer was to pay this amount via seller notes over a period of 3 years. We had arranged for payments to come in monthly instalments.

The payback wasn't contingent on the business' performance and he entered in to the contract under his holding company.

The business tanked in his hands and suddenly the holding company that supposedly held stock in a bunch of other private businesses is bankrupt as well. Payments are not coming in.

He is personally wealthy.

I'm located in Ontario, Canada and he is located in California.

Is there anything I can do to get paid or am I shit out of luck?"
"[WA State] Friend at college being sued for a hit and run back home that happened while he's off at school My friend and I live in a small college town in Eastern Washington.  His home is 6 hours away on the other side of the state, and today he found out that he is being sued by somebody who's car was hit on the highway by a vehicle that is similar to my friend's.  He and his car were 300 miles away when this collision happened.  The collision apparently happened the week before Thanksgiving, sometime between the 17th and 21st of this most recent November.   

What steps does my friend need to take, and what sorts of evidence could he provide, that would show that he was at school instead of back home?

Edit:  I'm trying to get details from my friend about what's happening, but it's tough because his mother is the one dealing with this over on the other side of the state, and he's in class all day.  He's collected some messages from Facebook around the time of the collision that have location information and is planning on using them as proof he wasn't anywhere near the area.  I'll bring up the mechanic suggestion and the collision report from the police.  Thanks for your help, everybody!"
"[Texas] Employer owes 3 months of unpaid wages, but will be closing the business soon. Should I settle asap or let the Texas Workforce Commission handle the unpaid wages claim? \[Texas\] I worked for 3 months without being added to payroll or paid in a timely manner. I did receive 2 checks to cover the first few weeks but taxes were not deducted and the checks were given to me later than our agreed upon pay dates. I was hired as a W-2 employee and should have been paid twice a month. After about 3 months of working there, I quit and he shrugged off my request for unpaid wages (about $6,500); blaming Covid-19 as a reason for lack of money to pay me. 

I filed a claim with the Texas Workforce Commission and now all of a sudden he wants to pay me..  But he is demanding I return a laptop that he gifted me and sign notarized paperwork ensuring that I will drop my TWC claim against him. He says if I don't return the laptop, he will deduct it from the amount he owes me, otherwise I will probably never see the money because I have been dragging my feet. 

**If he will be closing his business (s-corporation) in the next month or two (June or July 2020) while TWC is still investigating, would it be guaranteed that TWC can collect money from the company? or if they close, can TWC collect the money from him? or is he exempt from personal liability for unpaid wages because of the corporation status?** 

 I DO think he guaranteed the business lease in his personal name, if it helps that he co-mingled the corporation and himself personally. He also paid me from his other company, that's thriving financially, with the first check. Could I go after them, because he co-mingled the assets?

Also, and of course I am ashamed to admit, we had a brief sexual relationship before I was hired. He tried to continue it after employment, even though I requested that we be professional. I tried to ""reject him"" but I also felt extremely uncomfortable to reject him in a harsh way considering that he wasn't paying me. **Should this be brought up to the Texas Workforce Commission (or anywhere else) or will they say it's my fault/ we are both at fault?** I do not even want to be compensated for that stress, but I am tired of him trying to bully me and stress me out. 

tldr: previous employer didn't pay me for 3 months but is going out of business in the next 1-2 months. I filed a claim with the Texas workforce commission but what happens when the company goes out of business? Also, he harassed me and made me uncomfortable, but not sure if I am considered at fault."
I babysit my siblings because school is closed due to COVID19, can I use this as a reason not to return to work? I don’t want to risk my health or siblings, and I have a 70 year old grandma who lives with us. I have to tutor and watch over my siblings but my job was asked me to return to work. My mom works full time and travels but would I be able to give this reason to my employer and still claim unemployment benefits? I only get the 600$ a week but not anything from my actual employer because I didn’t start to work there until last December. Thanks
"landlord is threatening husband and I with lease agreement. I would like to start off by saying, moving into this apartment was the worst decision i have ever made. My husband and I school in Texas, Houston and we have just gotten our first apartment at the ending of September. We made the payment for October's rent with the deposit fee. When we first moved in there were a lot of maintenance work needed to be done. I made sure to visit the manager there and tell him what needed to be done that I also put on the inventory packet. He stated by saying that they were low on workers and will get back to me as soon as possible. I told him that is understandable but asked if our fridge could be replaced. The bottom of our fridge had mold growing on it and I told him it has been 2 weeks and no one has come to even look at it. My husband told me to wait until they get more help. Fast forward to Saturday, a paper was left on our door saying that we were a week late on rent and had to pay a fee of $63. I was furious, so my husband went to the manager on Monday morning and spoke to him. I get a phone call at work from my husband saying that the manager refuses to acknowledge him and tells him that we only payed for the rent of September. I went to speak to the manager and encourage my husband to text the landlord. We get to the office and I sit down with the manger and the first thing he tells me is that he will ""waiver"" the rent for September and it will go towards October. I told him that we did not live here in September and that we demand to speak to his assistant that handed us our lease. We notice that all 3 workers that were in the office 2weeks ago were all fired. The landlord comes in and yells at my husband for texting her and tells us that if we do not like living here then ""we can move out"". I told her we came here because of the rent issue and that she should not speak to her tenants that way. She calmed down and started asking us about the whole problem. I told her that we were trying to be less of a burden on them and that we have been waiting for someone to come and replace our fridge since we moved in, but we decided to give them time. I told her most people will call State on them immediately if no actions were taken on their part but we decided to come to them first. Landlord starts raising her voice saying we are threatening them and that our lease is for a year and that we have no choice but to stay since she has the upper hand. No workers were in the office when she said that but as soon as I pulled out my phone to start recording ( i think she assumed i was gonna call someone) she lowered her voice and told us that we will pay rent starting next month. and that the state is her friend and that we should not threaten her. I told her calmly ""ma'am i am sorry that you saw this as a threat but before we even got to speaking you told us to leave."" she denies the whole thing and we just left like that.  

I would appreciate any advice that anyone can give us. This is the first time something like this has happen to us and I honestly do not feel safe there anymore. our lease is for a year, and I would like for us to move out in December. As soon as we pay rent and the early leave fee. But i am worried even if we pay the fee for leaving early that she will charge us for full year that we agreed to live there.  Has this ever happened to any of you? What are our options?

I apologize for any grammatical errors. English is not my first language. 

Thank you very much for all your advises. I came back from school last week to find that my fridge has been replaced with a new one and they fixed the other minor damages. I will still save money so that i can leave early. I still do not feel right with the landlord but once again Thank you all veryyy much."
"What happens in that lawyers-only room at the courthouse? I waited several hours today at the courthouse for a first appearance. I noticed that all of the defendants and guests waited outside the courtroom for the judge to arrive, while private attorneys entered a secluded room where I'm assuming court staff were also present.

Is this just a better waiting area?"
"Creepy guy sitting in his car behind our house all hours of the day for 2 months Location: Ontario

I’m not sure what I need to do about this situation, so I hope y’all can point me in the right direction.

My wife and I live in the last house of a rowhouse with a large alley behind our street and a narrow alley (or private property with an easement) to the west of us (see image here [https://imgur.com/a/ERXTiIn](https://imgur.com/a/ERXTiIn)). We have a parking space on our property behind our house that is accessible from the alley. There is also a business with private parking connected to the alley, as well. 

In early March, we noticed a car that was parked in a space behind our car (about 10-15 metres across the alley from our parking space, but directly adjacent to our house). This area is part of the business’s private parking area, and a sign on the business’s building states “Authorised Parking Only.” It’s not unusual for people to park back there occasionally, and it’s not our property, so we have never minded it. The owner of this car, however, was sitting in the car the whole time, either on the phone or listening to the radio loudly, for a couple of hours. Over the last few weeks, this behaviour has escalated to him sitting in his car for anywhere between 10-16 hours at a time, backed into a parking spot behind either our house or our neighbours’ houses, starting into our backyards. He will leave for short durations of time (anywhere between 2 minutes to up to an hour, but never more). He has also started driving around our block recklessly (rolling through stop signs, flooring the gas to go short distances, going way too fast down the narrow alley next to our house, etc). He passed by our side window overlooking the narrow alley roughly 30 times in a single hour two nights ago, essentially driving in constant circles around our block of houses. Last night he even left his car parked in the business’s parking overnight, having sat in his car between 7AM and 8:30PM without leaving more than maybe twice during that period of time, and only for maybe a total of an hour. The man does not live in any of the houses around us.

What started off as being odd has become extremely creepy and concerning. This person is sitting in his car on someone else’s private property for significant portions of the day and night, starting into our backyards. It is also very concerning that there is a man who knows all of our comings and goings, and knows when my wife is in the house alone since I am our errand-runner during the stay at home orders. He has never attempted to speak to us or to any of our neighbours as far as we have seen.

As a fairly new resident to Canada, I’m not sure of the laws and who I should be getting in touch with. We have started keeping a log of his comings and goings and attempting to note if he is in the vehicle or not. I have called the non-emergency number once already and they said that the plate did not match anyone they were currently interested in. They sent an officer out, but clearly this has not dissuaded the man from coming, and in fact has increased his time sitting behind our houses.

What are the next steps I should take? Are my wife and I the crazy ones to think that this behaviour is strange and unacceptable? We really want to know if there is anything we can do, or if we simply have to accept this strange man sitting in his car behind our house for 16+ hours every day."
"Private university asking me to pay €12,000 to deregister The situation is that I joined a Private University(IUBH) in Germany. And I signed a contract for a year but now I changed my mind and do not want to continue my studies there. So before my semester started I wanted to deregister. To deregister I  had to do it online with the university portal with my account but the university blocked my account from accessing it. So, I couldn't deregister on time. So then I went to the university in person to deregister but they said I was 2,3 days late for deregistration and now they are asking me to pay a whole year of tuition fees to deregister which is €12,000 so it's pretty expensive. 
I tried getting hep from the students office and they told me the same thing that i would have to pay, i even asked the rector of the university for help but he directed me back to the students office. 
So i would really appreciate it if anyone can help me or guide me in this situation, i need legal advice!"
"I Think My Mom Financially Used Me To Do Repairs At first glance I know that sounds really bad and that I am ungrateful.  Let me fill you in.I have been renting from her for the last 18 years, I am a single mom on disability.  Several years ago, my Social Security was reworked and I was pleasantly surprised to find I had a $10,000 payout.  My first idea was to treat my daughter to a trip to New York/Broadway since I would NEVER be able to do anything like that. But she talked me out of it. Was, for a change, really nice to me.

That's another thing. Our relationship is tenuous at best. Imagine growing up hearing ""you can't"" about just about anything your life, the cold silence of when you do the slightest thing that displeases her, etc.  So when I get this money, she's talking about how it would make better sense to fix up my house (note: it's her trailer I'm renting. Two bedroom for $275 a month.)  So, wanting something nicer, I start painting the kitchen, living room, and my bedroom. I tear up the carpet in my bedroom and the living room and I PAY for new vinyl flooring throughout, except my daughter's room. She wanted to keep her carpet. I replaced the big tub, had the flooring fix because of a leak, and got a new toilet. I did get a new TV, had a local man make me a desk and TV stand and bed frame.  And paid for her to get a sewing desk made by the same guy that she never uses. That was several years ago.  Recently I've taken out a loan and paid off a new Air Conditioner. $4k.

The problem is, my mother has always been super controlling and I'm only recently getting better at standing up and setting boundaries. But when I get fed up and talk about taking the stuff I pay for out, but cutting up the floor since I paid for it, she's very fast at reminding me that ""This is my place!"" Funny because to give the illusion of independence, she calls it mine, though it's not in my name nor my daughter's.  She comes in whenever she wishes. And if it's her place, shouldn't she have paid for all these repairs and not me?! I should have done what I wanted with the money. Looking back I think, damn that would have been a nice down payment on a house and I could be away from her.  I don't know if there's anything I can do. She's not working anymore and doesn't have money. But  I just wanted to see if I had been taken advantage of."
"Am i able to report coworker with repercussions after they have quit? UK based.

My coworker has been very discreetly making my life hell for a couple of months with workplace bullying, without going into it more than this.

I already complained to my manager who did take multiple steps to try to resolve this issue, but when the issue actually became worse I told my manager to leave it and i’d rather just forget about it and be the bigger person.

I realised that I was completely not over it at all and it’s created a lot of unnecessary stress and anxiety in my life. However by this point I heard that the coworker in question has handed in resignation. (over completely different issue). This ultimately was a deal breaker in me keeping my job as id realised i couldn’t stay any longer. 

As it is i am on my last official night with the person in question (night shift worker). So part of me is incredibly happy I don’t have to deal with her bullshit anymore. But another part of me, the part who has been bullied my entire life, feels that she should have to pay in some way for how she made me feel. With this I want to report her, not just to management but to whoever is higher up. As I am aware she has another few weeks left but I will not see her, as I am on annual leave from tomorrow and when I get back she will have already gone.

I can’t even clarify this with my manager as my manager is the type to not want to take anything higher up, and she is also on annual
leave for a week. I guess I’m just wondering what my options would be now considering she is leaving.

I am in the care sector if that helps, without disclosing too much information. Obviously will have a look at the complaints procedure later, but i’m sure it only states about current coworkers, and by the time I report will be an “ex employee”. How should this be handled?"
US-IL - My wife co-signed apartment lease for 19yo daughter. What can I do to protect her, and/or my, assets? Daughter and her jobless (also 19 yo) boyfriend got their first apartment by convincing my wife to cosign the lease.  It’s pretty clear she’s locked  in to that 2-year contract as much as the occupants are... the issue is, I can see this going down the tubes sooner than that.  My wife and I share finances equally.  Therefore I feel as though I am on the hook along with her.  Is there a way to structure our finances to protect us jointly or individually (even if it’s just me) in case the occupants fail to keep up with their rent?
Water bill tripled and landlord wont look into it My wife and I live in Colorado. We have a shared housing situation but our utility/water bill has been the exact same every month. We moved in on May 1st and every month between us and the other 2 tenants we use 13000 gallons of water. Well last months bill went up drastically from 13000 to 39000 gallons. We use the same amount of water every month and this hasnt changed. I also talked to the other tenants and they also were quite surprised by the bill. He has now informed me that we have already used 34000 gallons this month which I know is impossible. We have hardly been home at all. We have checked everywhere for leaks and nothing. I have asked him to contact the water company and all he told me is that he would knock $90 off the bill. Im not going to pay almost $1000 for water when we most certainly havent used it. Id just like to know the best way of going about this. We are moving in 5 days and I dont want this to screw us over financially.
"Terminated the morning I returned from maternity leave Created a throwaway account as I have people who know my username. 
I was due back from maternity leave today and drove into work for my first day back. Upon arriving, I was brought into the boardroom where I was let go. 

A few things to note:
- Company got bought in March. I was given a letter at this time saying that I was offered employment with the new company and that everything outlined in my original letter stood. Including my maternity leave top up which I have been receiving the last 8 weeks.
- My maternity leave replacement was let go and a permanent hire was hired in her place. I met this lady today. As well, they have hired another person under her. 
- They changed the job titles so my old position title would have not been the same. 
- my termination letter did not say anything about being laid off. Just that my employment is terminated effective immediately date today, the day I was due back. 
- they also forgot to include the basic employment standard of one week in my severance letter

I am thinking that I have a case and will be contacting human rights commission but thought I’d see others opinions on this before consulting a lawyer. 
Also, I am located in Alberta."
"(MB, Canada) All summer I've been deducted for a 30 minute unpaid break for every shift- but I've never taken this break. Hi /r/legaladvice .

This past summer I've been working in the kitchen at a local country club. To my understanding, an employee is entitled to an unpaid 30 minute break for every shift worked over 5 hours (the majority of my shifts). I haven't worked a single shift where I've received this break (nor do I usually receive my 15 minute paid break, but that's of less concern to me as it doesn't effect my pay). The software my employer uses keeps track of every one of my shifts, so I have the evidence of this half hour of pay being taken.

Is there anything I can do to have a chance at getting this pay back? Over the summer it's probably added up to be a couple hundred bucks, and as a university student I can use every cent! I've looked at the labor board website and it's pretty damn confusing to me, if someone could at least link me in the right direction that would also be super appreciated! Thanks!"
"Rental House Being Sold During Pandemic I live in Florida.

I live in a rental house that still has several months left in the lease. The owners put the house on the market without giving me a warning. I was told it was a possibility, but the first I learned it was actually happening was the For Sale sign in my yard.

I am immunocompromised in a way that puts me at high risk for COVID complications. I am now being forced to allow strangers into my home; they have to wear masks, but not gloves. I’m supposed to get a 48-hour notice but after the first couple of showings, but that’s already started to be ignored. I’m ready to put my foot down and enforce that clause because it’s the small bit of power I have.

On top of that, and the reason I’m posting, I not only have to expose my home and belongings to potential virus carriers, but I also have to find a new place to live in the middle of a pandemic. I offered to end the lease early and vacate the house to make it easier to sell, but the owners refused - their poor financial planning means they’re trapping me in their house to pay their mortgage until the house sells.

Given the risk to my health, is there a principle of property law outside my lease that would allow me to break the lease early without being forced to pay the penalty?"
[GA] Is it legal for me to send text messages to people who post on Craigslist looking for their lost pet? I have a business that helps find pets via Facebook and am wondering if i could have issues doing this. A typical situation would be posting a lot dog or cat ad in the lost and found section of craigslist. I would respond basically saying, “ hello i work with —— company and we help people recover their lost animals in your area. Here is our website if you’re interesting in our services.” Is this in compliance with laws?
"My Landlord Uses An Undependable Website For Rent Payment And Is Evicting Me For Non-Payment of Rent Due to an Accounting Error on Their Website. As the title states, I have been issued a “Notice to Leave Premises” by my landlord due to non-payment of rent. The issue with that is that I did pay my rent, or made every effort conceivable to do so. Several days before rent was due I changed the bank account information listed in my online rentcafe account (a website they insist on using) and set up and confirmed an automatic payment. Today I come home from work to the aforementioned notice. To me it seems apparent that something went wrong with the transfer of bank accounts and without making any effort to inform me, I’ve been issued this unconditional notice. I read online that my landlord has no obligation to take the rent from me in exchange for canceling the eviction process, despite the fact that I have and have had the necessary funds to pay them and made every reasonable effort by their standards to do so. 

Please help, I just recently moved away from home and now live in Cleveland, 9 hours away from any friends and family, in order to finally begin my life with my girlfriend who goes to college out here. If they go through with this eviction I am entirely fucked. 

Thanks, 
Mark"
"Water Infiltration in a Condo Long story, so I’ll keep it short (or try).

I live in and own a condominium and a couple of months ago,  a water infiltration coming from a window occurred which damaged my bedroom, specifically the hardwood floor, wall and trim. 

I immediately notified the property manager who stated that the Condo board had previously approved a window replacement project, which was discussed in the technical/physical audit of the building. I am put on the emergency replacement list and my windows are replaced within a few weeks. 

The property manager then offered to send an insurance appraiser to assess damage. 
Two weeks go by, I then receive an email from the property manager offering me a settlement of $800 to repair the floor or $1500 to repair all of the water damaged items, to which I immediately refused. 

After speaking with my personal insurance provider, they then sent an appraiser to assess. Another two weeks goes by... I receive a call from my insurance company telling me my claim was denied since the water infiltration was the condo’s fault. 

At this point I am fed up, so I reach out to the property manager/condo board to accept the $1500 settlement, thinking to myself “anything is better than nothing.” Another week goes by, I receive notice that the offer had been rescinded with this explanation: “ Our lawyer has advised us that we are not responsible for any damages under our $10,000 deductible and we have done our due diligence in remedying the issue by replacing the window.” 

As you can imagine I am not pleased, to say the least. I pay monthly condo fees and personal insurance to cover myself in case situations like these arise. 

Any tips or advice on this would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance!

TL/DR: My condo boards’ insurance and my personal insurance companies both denied my claim to fix heavily water damaged bedroom. Water came in from outside, which is the condo’s responsibility. Condo says they don’t have to fix anything under $10,000. 

Edit: I live in Ontario, Canada."
"[Chicago, IL] I just received a summons from Cook County for failure to pay individual use tax for my car from six years ago; this is the first time I've been contacted regarding this matter. I moved to Chicago from out of state back in 2012 with a car I had purchased from a dealership in my home state two years prior. I registered my car in Cook County as one does, and was not informed about any use tax. I lived in the same apartment for two years before moving out of state and never received any mail or correspondence or phone call regarding this use tax (section 74-272 in the Code of Ordinances of Cook County, according to the letter). I filed Change of Address through USPS upon moving from Chicago like I did when I moved there and my phone number hasn't changed since 2008. Now I've just received a summons via a law firm to appear in court unless I pay the amount due. Admittedly it's a relatively small amount - less than $200 - but I'm wondering why I haven't been contacted about this issue before now, where stated interest and penalties have accrued. I assume this is a legitimate summons given the detailed information provided by the four-page-long letter, including my car's VIN and date and location of purchase. I can call the law firm tomorrow to discuss the matter with them, but I'm quite confused as to why I haven't seen any communication about this previously. 

Should I be wary of what's going on here? If this is a legitimate summons, I can pay the amount due and not need to go to court as the letter details. I know there's no way to prove lack of correspondence, so I don't see a way of rectifying this outside of paying some mysterious fee I never knew existed. 

[update] I did some research online and found that Tristan and Cervantes, the law firm in question, has a history of poor communication and inflated fees. I will contact the county/commissioner to see if I can more directly handle this situation."
"College housing issues College Rental Advice

I currently go to school in Wisconsin and live in a 4 bd 2 bath house with 6 other people. Our landlord lives ~5 hours away in IL. It is very obvious that she hasn’t kept up with the house. Black mold in the bathrooms and windows, floor rotting out in kitchen and by washer and dryer, large holes in walls that all insects and rodents to crawl through, appliances that don’t work (and that she hasn’t fixed in the 6 months we’ve been here), issues with our front door lock being broken that took 2+ weeks for her to “fix”, and countless other issues. My roommates and I pay for legal advice through our tuition and fees on campus and are going to them next semester to get more input into all of this. Wondering on here what the line is between “crappy college housing” and “not safe/clean/ up to code enough for people to live in”"
"Selling Customs Louis Vuitton Sneakers I currently customs sneakers (hargitaycustoms.com) I am trying to create a custom that take advantage of old unused Louis Vuitton bags. I will apply the old Leather material to create a customized shoe then sell it. I am afraid I am going to run into legal trouble for selling  “Louis Vuitton shoes” They are art, is there away around it or what can I do
to still sell it but not run into any trouble?"
NYC street vendor Hi! My girlfriend is an artist, and she would make a pretty penny selling her work on the streets of NYC. How does she go about this legally? I tried doing research, but there are different types of licenses and we do not know where to start really. What type of license does she need? Where do we get it?
What insurance do I need for a small janitorial business? We're looking to start a residential/ commercial cleaning company and need to understand if we need any insurance besides general liability.  We're all partners right now,  and the chemicals we're using are graded the same as water via the EPA. Located in Syracuse, NY.
"Maryland: tenant law - apartment flooded We’ve had our apartment flooded in the past but never this bad. We went out of the country on vacay, came back to find out our apartment was flooded 100% of the square footage and made it 4-6 inches deep. 

Lots of our things are destroyed and our apartment complex has been known to brush things under the rug. We’re trying to figure out what we can do to either break lease, get them to move us to a new apartment or clean the current issue properly. Right now it’s impossible to stay in the apartment for more than an hour due to smells inducing Light headedness. We’re homeless and at a loss. How do we fight a crappy apartment management company?

We’ve taken pics and started a claim with renters insurance. The apartment complex removed the padding under our carpets and put a dehumidifier in place but we can’t live there and we’re sure there is mold."
"I've exchanged suggestive texts (but not actually done anything) with a minor; I'm not gonna talk to her anymore, but am I in any danger if she reports the texts and/or lies about us having sexual contact? (USA/Expatriates) The texts aren't explicit, but things like ""can you come over Friday"" and lots of innuendos.  I knew she was a minor when we started talking, I just didn't realize that she was kinda psycho.  So my bad there.

EDIT: Don't know what flair is appropriate."
"Landlord sent security deposit past 30 days, envelope postage states 9 days overdue. No date on metered stamp - weird, right? Any postal workers in the reddit world that can help with questions? Is it worth the battle to go to small claims court to get my money back? After having a bad taste in my mouth from a landlord years ago, I was determined to not have that same experience happen to me again. Well, I should have known this well known company was out to do the exact same:

Meat and potatoes- I was renting in TX, I’m currently in another state. I was told that oftentimes the security deposit holders will wait/use the entire 30 days to give you the deposit back. My expiration date/move out was Oct. 31, 19 which means by Nov. 30, 19 the check will be in the mail BY that date WITH a written description AND itemized list.

Odd part? They used a metered stamp which I spent a lot of time researching last night. It was 50 cent postage which might signify first class yet it doesn’t say “first class” anywhere on the red ink stamped on. So, no date. If I understand correctly a “first class” metered stamp doesn’t need date on it - not sure if that info is outdated or current. From current info USPS states you must have a date on the metered postage and did not differentiate between first class or not. 

Fun part. Possibly due to the lack of date on the metered portion, which the USPS states metered mail has to be dropped off the date it is stamped with, was dated Dec. 9, 2019. Thats 9 days past due. This is my concern. Inside they only had a written list of “house cleaning” “yard cleaning” totaling $90. 

Um. What? I know I returned the property better than it was given to me, it’s a cheap shot to get any kind of money back. Ok, I’ll keep opinions out of this. I KNOW they have a “house cleaner” that comes onto each property when they are vacant and cleans regardless. I already looked into my lease last night and checked for a “cleaning fee” or anything similar and nothing of the like is stated. I know wear and tear isn’t taken out, only damage. Or excessively filthy. 

While I could point out the things I know aka the house cleaner that comes into each property (they don’t know that I know this), I think the mail being postmarked Dec. 9 is where it’s at. With this, they acted in bad faith. By both including the itemized list inside, they have “forfeited all rights to withhold any portion of the security deposit or to bring suit to you for damages to the premises.”

Salad and appetizer- This was a struggle battle. Being my side account I’m leaving my last post up. I was going to delete if for when I posted this, but glad I didn’t. There’s a security gate to get into the complex. The gate broke at the same time I was going through the problem of that guy that raped me that was stalking me. Without having the safety of the gate (being the reason I rented with them) I went in person and talked to them about my concerns. Due to the circumstances they made it “top priority” called maintenance, I went and spoke to them after, and all was good, right? Wrong. I waited 7 days “reasonable period” with no contact from them. Kept calling, was given excuses of people who weren’t in, that I would be called back. This continued. Nothing was done or attempted to fix the gate. 

3 - 4 weeks later (I have proof in my email) I let them know I needed to terminate my lease early as the gate still wasn’t fixed and I didn’t feel safe. They declined and stuck with the 30 days. I told them they failed to “repair a condition that materially affects the physical health or safety as required by our lease” and low and behold the next day they were outside fixing the gate.

Anything not to get them in trouble, right? I was a prisoner in my own home. They are already spending the money on employees to clean, yet they want to deduct it from people that move and take just enough so people won’t fight them back over it.

I know I’m in another state, is it worth it to handle this situation in court? Will try to sum this down when I have more time.

TL;DR Someone smart can take my word vomit and make it make sense! Landlord went over 30 days past my move out date. Postmarked 9 days late. They also failed to include the itemized portion. Living in another state now, should I do small claims court? After a headache of living under their rule and letting them “slide by” on things they should have fixed while being their tenant, I’ve had enough. Mess with my money, mess with the bear!"
"This has been bugging me I just wanted to run this by you all! I was working for an employer for a total of 6 months. First starting as Bar Staff and then once my 3 months was over and I was made official I was then promoted to Bar Supervisor which I was as you would think over the moon! I found a job that I actually loved and it was walking distance from my home so In all its a win win right?!? I was even using my wages to get myself out of some serious rent arrears which I may add I was only £300 away from clearing that and going in the green when on the 15th December 2019. My contract with The Black Horse Pub SE8 was terminated by Dirty Liquor 

The only evidence against me is that the chef, Bar Staff who is 18/19 and the newly promoted supervisor that I personally said that she would be a good one for the job have all come together and each written their own statements about me which are false and wrongly placed on me and they’ve managed to win and kick me out of my job under Sexual harassment. Now for one I’m gay and proud of it but I’m 34 and the guy in question {Tai} is not my type and no offence but I ain’t about to shit on my own doorstep when I’ve got bills to pay 

I have already been and done had my appeal which was a waste of time because the Operations Manager didn’t fully give me all the information about actually appealing and what I would need to back up my case, that the day of the appeal with the Operations Manager and the Owner Of the company I was in the meeting for a maximum of 15 minutes and within that time I have been told more than once by the owner that she is NOT going to overturn the decision and that’s that

Now I know I’m not the smartest cookie in the cookie jar but I wanna take them to court if possible"
[MO] employer forcing unwanted paid leave as maternity leave and requiring hrs made up upon return So I’m expecting at the end of July and don’t quite qualify for fmla (just over 1000hrs in 12 mos). I’m salaried and my employer (a school district) will continue to pay me during any maternity leave I take (against my wishes) and will expect me to make up all hrs missed during that time when I return. Is there any way for me to get unpaid leave and not have to make up the hrs? 
"What counts as employees when multiple clinics are involved? Washington state I’m sure the reason I can’t find the answer to this is that I’m not describing it well enough but here goes anyway:

I work for a small medical clinic that has two locations. I work at both of them, though one more than the other. 

When it comes to things like FMLA and the other laws that depend on how many employees there are, does that include both clinics? And if not, which would I fall under?

Clinic A has 14 employees, clinic B has 6. I spend the majority of my time (Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday) in clinic B, working Monday Friday and half days on Saturdays at clinic A.

Thank you in advance."
"[CO] Accidentally stumbled on CP and I need help Throwaway here

So for starters I am 16 years of age. A few days ago, I was browsing the web for some normal p0rn when I accidentally clicked on an image. The girl in the image had no clothes on, and she looked to possibly be underage but it's hard to tell. Instead of just closing it out, i panicked. I tried numerous google image searches but couldn't get any info on her or her age. the next morning i decided to report it by searching up the link where I originally saw the images, and I reported them to the NCMEC. But I am worried because I didn't immediately report these pics, and I can hardly sleep at night knowing about the possible punishment. However, I couldn't find any evidence that showed if she was legal age or not. How should I proceed? I would love some professional advice but I am anxious that I will be arrested. Help please!"
"Do I have any bases for a case against my Faculty? Hello,

I'm a senior university student in Ontario Canada. Recently the term marks (for the first term) were released, and it turns out one of my courses was dropped from a 90 to a 80. This 10% drop was done for everyone in the course.

Now my problem with this is that the way they did it is kind of morally ambiguous. We had 10% of our final mark determined by participation marks (5% each half term). For the second half participation mark, we were supposed to get full marks due to the in class activities we participated in, but the faculty changed it to encompass a new element the professor had not assigned. by doing this, everyone ended up getting 6/10 participation marks for the course. (this was done after the course had completed)

They are holding their stance that what they did is ok. Is there any legal case to have them assign the original mark?"
"Can a company laptop record your audio or visual? Also, how would I know if they are monitoring my on-screen actions as well? I ask because I am in my home working remotely, and I want to understand what type of privacy I have the right to. I was given this company laptop already “configured.” 
I also found Logmein software. Would they really need that remote access that if they were recording me without my knowledge?

Are they able to record what I’m doing on my screen through hidden software? Then back to my main question, I need to legally know what they are allowed to record and keep on file if I’m working from home on-screen, audibly, and visually.

Please, any assistance and insight into this would be greatly appreciated."
"Where do I start to look for a lawyer? I got caught going 60 in a 40 in New Hampshire and the cop gave me a reckless operation court date. 

I’m 18 and I really can’t get this charge on my record, I will loose my job and be fucked in many other ways. 

I have like $800 saved up that I can spend on a lawyer but where do I even start to look for one? 

I know speeding was dumb and I kinda deserve this"
"UK (england) pushed a man over to defend my friend. A few months ago my and my friend were walking through town on a night out, we wasn't heavily intoxicated maybe 3 or 4 pints. Out of nowhere my friend was attacked by a man he had something in his hand I couldn't see what it was. I instantly reacted and pushed the man away to defend my mate. The man fell to the floor, I helped him up and apologized. The weapon flew out of his hand and my friend picked it up, he realized that it looked like a gun and was very heavy (we aren't really sure what it was). Almost immediately after the incident we left him with the door staff of the pub near by and proceeded to go about our night and I thought nothing of it since.

So, a few months passed and I get a knock on my door from a detective who says I have to come in for an interview. When I get to the police station I find out it is in reference to that incident. I explained the story as I did above but with maybe a bit more detail, they showed me CCTV and you can see I told the truth. In the CCTV you can see the man that attacked my friend agitated in town on his own, he throws a traffic cone across the road before sprinting towards my friend who has his back turned. You can then see me push the man away but can not see him fall to the ground. The detective tells me he spent 10 days in hospital with a fractured skull and I could be charged with GBH with or without intent if her 'higher up' decides there is a case against me. They confirmed to me that a weapon was recovered from the scene but wouldn't tell me what it was, and they also told me the man suffers from mental illness. You can clearly see from the CCTV that he was the aggressor but you cannot see the weapon in his hand. You can see that I stepped in to prevent an attack against my friend, and you can see me push the man away, but cannot see him hit the floor. I am really scared as they told me if they do decide to follow up with this that I could be expecting a custodial sentence. I am literally the most harmless guy in the world and have never even had a fight before.

When I think back to the day it could be possible that he sustained the head injury prior to me pushing him, as there is no proof that he actually hit his head (you cant see that in the CCTV). And what was his reasons for being in the town center acting strange/aggresive in the first place, perhaps he had other altercations before he attacked my friend. Could that be a reasonable defense? Also, what do you expect could be the outcome of this? I have no other charges similar to this and cooperated with the investigation so far. But I do also have an unresolved case for drink driving against me.

Sorry if this is difficult to read I am just a terrified that I will be going to jail, I will go back and edit it to make it easier to understand. Or if there is anything that can help you please ask away."
"[USA] Is it legal for an apartment to require a 30 days notice before leaving, but send a notice for rent increase 26 days before the lease expires? Question from [this thread](https://np.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/54glqg/millennials_how_do_you_feel_about_having_children/d82ek0a)

As someone who is neither an American, nor a lawyer, this seems like it would be illegal, just because someone who disagrees with the rent increase will not be able to leave until the lease is renewed for another month.

General US as rental laws differ by state.


EDIT: Fixed a word
"
"Is it legally okay for someone above 18 with a green card to leave home without parental consent? I have a friend who's been living in the U.S. (NY specifically) for over 9 years with a Green (Permanent Residency) Card. Her home life is terrible, basically just imagine a British modern-day Cinderella. She cleans up after 5 other people, 4 of whom are full-grown adults, gets verbally abuse on a regular basis and receives no sympathy over anything from her parents. She was supposed to come over after school today, but her mother threatened to call the police if she didn't come straight home from school just because she said so. Using common sense I couldn't think of anything they could actually do considering she's over 18 years old.

My question is this: Is it legally okay for someone above 18 with a green card to leave home without parental consent?"
Trademark, company help? (UK) If I register as a company or non profit would I also have to register a trademark? Or if I just registered as a company could someone then trademark my company or non profit name and then sue me?
"Apartment was sold to new management, now both companies are saying they aren't responsible for our security deposit refund. advice? Okay, so let me start off by saying we don’t have a copy of our lease and I know how big of a screw up that is. We were supposed to get a copy after it had been typed (it was originally filled in with pen) and I guess we just forgot about it. I know, very dumb, will never make that mistake again.

Secondly, I know $300 isn’t much but we took care of our apartment and it’s really irksome that they won’t give it back.

So the story goes, we moved into an apartment in 11/2013. We paid a $300 deposit for our apartment via two $150 checks.  In August 2013 the company was sold to a new management group. We moved out at the end of our one year lease.  We originally contacted the apartments beginning of December because we hadn’t received our refund or a statement of charges that it went to and it had been 30 days. The apartment then told us they charged us $90 to clean the oven and our deposit was $150, leaving a $60 refund.  We went to the office and provided them copies of the canceled checks from our bank showing a total payment of $300 for a deposit.  Their response was that the lease only showed a deposit of $150 (then they showed us a typed up copy of the lease we had never seen) and then they showed us a ledger that shows the original company only transferring 150.00 for our deposit to this new company. 

They told us that even if we have canceled checks, any funds cashed before the purchase is responsibility of the old owners. So then we got in contact with the original owners who are saying the same thing, new owners are responsible for deposits, not our issue.

So the first question is which company should we be trying to get the money from? I’ve looked at tons of stuff online and it generally says the deposit is handled by the current owner, but since they are going by a different deposit amount on the lease, would we still go after them for the extra $150?

Second question, without a lease could we still win in small claims court in Ohio? I have copies of both canceled checks for $150 deposit (and the memo field is marked deposit), bank statements showing when they were cashed, a letter from the bank verifying they were cashed and canceled checks from each month of rent showing that we weren't behind in rent.    

My thought is that even if we can’t argue that we paid a $300 deposit, we still paid (and they cashed) $150 more than what was owed, which means we deserve a refund, I just don’t know who owes us that refund and if that reasoning would hold up in court. 

Also, if it matters, we still haven’t cashed the original $60 refund check we received. 

Thanks in advance for any help."
"Are my YouTube videos going have me in court ? I’ve just started a channel documenting other people’s amazing and wonderful homes around Ireland. 

My question is ...if I was to start making money from the channel and these videos got high view counts, how does it work with regard to the people And their houses I’ve filmed? 

Would I have to pay them a nominal fee up-front? Should I get them to sign a non-disclosure agreement? 

Does anyone know the protocol here?

Thanks so much to any kind soul in advance who may be able to help 🤔"
"Legality of Non-LEO Confiscating Drugs At my private university in Connecticut, campus safety officers routinely confiscate controlled substances from students, which are presumably delivered promptly to the police. I have no problem with this, but why is this not considered illegal possession of a controlled substance?

Every year, on 4/20, students gather at a certain spot and smoke weed. Campus safety used to ignore this gathering, but over the past few years have increased their attention to it, confiscating paraphernalia, etc. What would happen if someone called the police on campus safety when they were in possession of paraphernalia? 

Edit: To reiterate, these are **not** law enforcement officers. They do not arrest people, just send people to internal disciplinary hearings. "
"My employer is firing me under the guise of “performance improvement” after I submitted medical accommodation requests. I work for a large defense firm and have been there more than two decades.  Last year I submitted paperwork citing some medical conditions and requesting to telecommute (my job can be done 100% virtual).  I was denied and told I had to put in for medical accommodations reviewed by third parties.

A few months later, I was then given the worst review of my career and told that I was being put on a kind of probation where I must accomplish a number of tasks above and beyond my current tasking.  Then COVID hit and everyone is telecommuting, the probation thing seemed forgotten.

As the states start to open up again and the business begins to talk about phasing back to on-site work, I submitted a request letting them know I am in a high risk group for COVID because I was afraid I would be required to come on-site.  Three days later I was told I am being put on a performance improvement plan where I must do additional tasks over 90 days.

If I cannot successfully perform the additional tasking to their satisfaction within 90 days I am to be terminated.  The additional tasking is designed for failure.  These things would easily take more than 90 days full time and I am expected to do them on top of my existing work (and excel in that existing work).

It sure feels like medical discrimination to me.  I’m wondering if I have a case?  Or what I would need to help support the case?"
My dad and my argument on rent My father's landlord wont repair the house. I told my dad that the landlord needs to do something and that he should sue the landlord.for not doing his job and my dad said that he cant.  He said that the landlord can kick him out if my dad does this. My dad told me that the landlord wont even respond to his text and said that my dad complains too much. Just for your info, my dad is paid up in rent. I would list the problems but my dad is scared that the landlord will see this and it will bite us in the ass. The landlord is too old to likely even have reddit, this is how paranoid my dad is that the landlord will.kick us out.
"Renting a House with serious plumbing issues - plz halp My three roommates and I have been renting a house in Minnesota for 4 months now, with several unresolved maintenance issues.

The house has failed to pass a single city inspection since we moved in, mostly due to the windows and smoke detectors. We rent through Renters Warehouse, and we’ve been stuck in this weird time loop that won’t end. They send over a maintenance guy, he fails to fix anything and leaves, then the city sends an inspector who checks the same unresolved issues, the house fails the inspection, they reschedule for a few weeks later, and it never ends!

Now, we’re facing a much more serious issue with the plumbing. All of the drains in the house are backing up with standing water that pools and takes hours to drain. 

The kitchen sink and dishwasher (sink fills with water which leaks through pipes and drips directly onto the circuit breaker in the basement), the bathtub (water drains faster from the tub than anywhere else in the house, but still pools when running water), the laundry unit (empties into a sink that fills and overflows next to our furnace), pretty much every majorly necessary plumbing fixture. We’ve been unable to clean dishes or do laundry for over a week now.

So, I’ve been in contact with Renters Warehouse to send a plumber over ASAP, they filed it as an “Emergency Maintenance Issue” (lol what a joke), and we have yet to see a plumber! It’s been a week of me calling and asking for updates, then scheduling and rescheduling every single day. I understand that the holiday would make it difficult to find a plumber, so I’ve remained patient, until now. Today they told me a plumber came by but nobody was home, when two of my roommates and my dog were up watching TV by the front door, waiting for said plumber. They then told me to wait at home and they would either get the plumber to come back today or call me to schedule another time for the repairs. I’ve called Renters Warehouse twice since then, giving them four hours between each call, with no updates or additional information.

At this point, considering the failed inspections (next one is scheduled for the 5th), and the now unusable plumbing, I want to take action. 

My questions are:
Is this enough to break our lease and move out?
How do I involve my city with the process?
Is withholding rent an option?
How can I leverage Renters Warehouse into actually solving the issues?
What should I do?!?"
"Can you hire only marginalized groups? I’m a part of a group on Facebook. Someone recently posted an ad in the group for hiring new members of a different group, specifying that they wanted to add four marginalized members. Their categories are black POC, non black POC, disabled sewist, and LGBTQIA. Someone in the comments said it’s illegal to specify only specific groups can apply and I’m curious how true that is. 

FL for location bot"
"IL - government funded position - unemployment I got offered a six month government funded position through CACI. I will receive the same benefits as their full-time permanent employees: PTO, 401K, holidays, additional insurance, etc. 

My question is: if this contract doesn’t get extended and I can’t find another job in time, will I still be eligible to claim unemployment in Illinois once it ends in 6 months?

I went on the IL website and found this: 
Your employer must be subject to the State's unemployment insurance law. Among the types of work not covered are certain agricultural, domestic, railroad and government work, and certain work done for one's family and on commission. 2. Your employer must be subject to the State’s unemployment insurance law. Among the types of work not covered are certain agricultural, domestic, railroad and government work, and certain work done for one’s family and on commission.

So I am confused about the “government work” section as this is a government funded contract position?

I asked the recruiter and her response was “I don’t see why not”, meaning she thinks I would be eligible for unemployment.... but I was preferring a more solid/confident response. 

Any help is appreciated."
"Helping Friend Settle Affairs Following Death of Father My friend's father passed away suddenly. He lived by himself in Florida. We are in Pennsylvania.

The deceased didn't have a lot of possessions but he did have life insurance, a 401K and a few personal possessions. My friend reached out to me for advice on how to tie up their father's affairs and like them, I'm not sure where to start. I'm wondering if they need to consult an estate attorney and if so, should they speak with someone in FL or can that be here in PA? The biggest concern is that they're going to NOT do something they should have, like file his taxes or notify someone. Any advice is extremely appreciated."
"[VT] Honoraria for student leaders? I work at a school that has a student council that liaises between the student body and faculty/administration. Almost everyone on the council is a volunteer, but the secretary and head get small stipends from the school to honor the extra effort required by their positions. 

The school has been in the process of eliminating stipends for most student positions and replacing them with hourly wages to ensure that students are being paid at least minimum wage for all jobs. However, others have pointed out for these student council positions that it feels off to have two employees of the college and the rest volunteer. So, are we on okay legal ground if we leave these positions structured as a stipend? Would an honorarium be more accurate/safer? As-is, the stipends are processed through our payroll system, but they aren’t otherwise treated as employees."
"[NE] Car is parked outside apartment, it can't run. It doesn't have plates and got a ticket. Posting on behalf of friend

The car is parked outside the apartment. It was supposed to be registered by October. Unfortunately since the car stopped working, he never got it registered as he could not do the driving test and get a license. 

He got a ticket for improper registration despite again not being able to even have the car run. I've seen unregistered cars sit for months just fine. So is there anything we can do?"
Stock Certificates of deceased relative My grandmother has recently promised to give me a bunch of old stock certificates that she had, as she doesn't know how to trade stocks and has no use for them. When I got the stock certificates, they were in my grandfather's name, who passed away years ago. As far as I am concerned, his will did not stipulate to whom the stocks were meant to go to. My grandmother and grandfather were also divorced, so I know that they don't technically belong to her. To add to the confusion, we found the certificates in my house after my grandmother said she may have given them to my dad for safekeeping. Also, these aren't the original certificates, but photocopies of them. I doubt I will be able to find the originals.  My dad and aunt are fine with me getting the certificates, so there is no problem with someone else claiming them. My question is, how do I get the stock certificates changed to be in my name?
"Could I fight this complaint ticket and win? On Monday December 2nd I rear ended someone on the freeway who stopped to make a left turn. The incident occurred do to my faulty breaks . 

I didn’t know there was anything wrong until I drove to work and I don’t know exactly what was wrong with the breaks  but the car would not stop unless I pressed on the breaks all the way and when I pressed on them I got no push back. 

When the lady I crashed into made a left turn she stopped and when I tried to stop behind her my car skid and i hit her . There were minimal damaged (scuffed her paint , my license plate came off) no one was hurt and I replaced my breaks later that day. The cop gave me a complaint ticket with the comment “going too fast for road “ (it snowed the weekend before the road where probably wet) he said because of the skid marks it proves I was going too fast and my car was able to stop I just didn’t do it in time . 

I wanted to know if I got a receipt from my dads mechanic who fixed the breaks could I win by pleading not guilty or would the accident still be my fault regardless of the car breaks condition? 

Relevant Info:
This happened in Connecticut 

I’m 23 and recently got my license this summer so I have never been in a situation like this 

I was driving my step mothers car with her permission of course 

Statue /ordinance number : 14-218"
"Airbnb host threatning us over big money sum Hei, me and my friends rented a house from Airbnb for three days(weekend) and it was generally for a place for us to store our stuff and predrinks.

Friday: Me and my friends are currently in the military and others(about 30-40 peeps) from our troop heard about the house and wanted to come and party and they just came in and we just felt obligated to let them in. The ""party"" went ok, no damage or complains

Saturday: We didnt want them over again so we tried to set our foot down, but on this day I went out for a consert and left the house at 7ish. This time everyone came and it just ended up in a disater, from hole in the wall, spillage and SOMEHOW piss on the bed. 

Sunday: I came back og everything was a fucking mess, I was out of words and just kept on cleaning like it would help and we left the house. 
Houseowner called and said that the house was a mess and he was expecting other guests and they cant stay there so we have to compensate for that -

 ""We're were expecting 6 asians to the house and now they cant because of the mess, so now you gotta pay for their stay at a hotel AND the days they were to supposed to stay at the house""

Later on his wife(""""lawyer""""), called and threatning us with police case, and we asked if we could take it through Airbnb and she said no.

Few days later they landed on a cost: 3500, and later 7500. FULL PARKOUR.

We asked why 2 holes, pisswet matress, wine spillage and beer smell would cost 7500, and they never answered. So we contacted Airbnb and they tried to take over the case but they somehow turned it over back on them and kept on pushing on us paying them. 

Any advice would be great!"
"Pre-Arrest PD options? Kansas USA

Its been 6 days since an FBI raid seized all my household electronics. I’ve been told it can take up to a year(!) before analysis, charges and arrest warrants are made. 

I had a fantastic consultation with a lawyer who was basically the first one to pop up after a google search of “My potential charges” + “attorney” + “my city”. 

The lawyer is very expensive, $15,000 was his desired retainer for taking on my case. He mentioned that Pubic Defenders can often take on pre-arrest cases and idk, ‘get on the ball’ early since apparently that is important and he could tell I was from the opposite (poorer) side of town. 

What is your knowledge of this?
If I indeed have 6-12 months before shit allegedly hits the fan - I could just work hard and save $15,000 to hire the expert attorney instead. 

Is there a rule of thumb for hiring vs PD? I make around $45,000/yr 
"
"My 3yo says a girl pulled open her pants to see her underwear today. Next steps? (MD) My daughter was playing in a fast-food restaurant jungle gym today and made friends with another girl - maybe 5 or 6 years old. They were up in the tunnels a long time (like 15 minutes) without coming down the slide. I didn’t think anything of it until tonight at dinner when she matter-of-factly said that her new friend had pulled her pants down to “see her underwear” while they were playing. 

As you can imagine that bothered my wife and I, but after careful questioning we are reasonably well convinced that she’s telling us the whole story- nothing more happened and nothing less happened. We obviously followed that with some more discussion about saying no (and telling us) if something like that was to happen again. She seemed to sincerely think there was nothing wrong with what happened. 

Part of me thinks this is just youthful curiosity, and to just let it go. I mean, I’m typing this out and it sounds on the screen a lot less serious than it feels to me. But I’m honestly scared not to say something... just in case there was another kid involved, or if that new girl was acting out something that is happening to her... Maybe I just feel guilty about it happening while I was there taking care of her. 

Worth calling the police about, or not?

EDIT: I have no idea who the other kid is. I’m not even sure I ever saw her face. Just wasn’t paying that much attention. "
"Ohio student sexual assault against a teacher Here's the situation:

&amp;#x200B;

Months ago, my wife had her butt grabbed purposefully by a female student at the middle school she works at. She had a difficult time proving exactly who the student was, but she did bring it to the attention of her school's administration.

&amp;#x200B;

She has a couple of interactions with the administration, but from what she can tell, she was brushed off by both the administration and the union. I would have to get specific details from her about it, but she did say that the union took a long time to get her set up with a meeting with the president, at which point the president just  told her that she should have filed a suit with the union earlier, even though the union took that long to get back in contact with her.

&amp;#x200B;

At this point, there has been no contact from either entity past that, and as far as we know, no punishment of the student or dealing with the issue. It more just seems like they are trying to sweep it under the rug, instead of protect their teachers.

&amp;#x200B;

Overall, I would like to know what our next steps might be if we thought this was something we should take legal action against? We are both low income, so making it a large case would be incredibly difficult if we aren't going to be represented in some pro bono case, or something like that."
"Is it legal for a previous employer to refuse to prove I worked there? I lost my W-2 for a place I worked back in 2017. The job I just applied to is asking for proof that I worked there. They called the previous employer and were told that I didn't work there. I called them today and they refused to provide any information that I worked there. They claimed that they'd have to search the archives. 

I am in Oregon. Is there anything I can do here? This feels illegal."
"Is it illegal for a contractor to lie about having insurance? My mother had some painters over doing her walls and potentially doing some epoxy on her countertops.

I overheard the workers talking when they’d thought they were alone.

It seems they are both “under-the-table” and their boss doesn’t have insurance, which he clearly told my mother he does. There is a possibility he does not even have a license, as my mother didn’t ask to see it (bless her heart)."
"Any possible case or action against falsely accused of academic integrity (cheating on final exam) My professor for math class, differential equations and linear algebra, has accused me with cheating on my final exam, along with 34 other students. 
His reason? 
Laplace transform of e^(3t) = 3 is incorrect and 34 students has put that answer down.  Along with a one worded answer, “chegg” 
There was a video recording during the final which shows our hands and workstation. Any typing or devices brought into sight is easily detected and can be accused of cheating. If I was flagged as a cheater, which I did not as I studied hard off a practice exam which is very similar to the final and used it as notes (exam was open note and computer, just no typing. I.e. you can have tabs loaded up for resources but once exam is released and begins there is no typing) is there any way I can defend myself legally against the school department or my professor? Thanks.


PS don’t mind the username idk how to change it"
Parents liable for car accident an 18 year old was involved in? [Washington State] My brother got into a car accident about 3 years ago when he was 18. My parents were just served with papers pertaining to this by the other party. The insurance company should be handling everything in regards to this but is it legal to sue the parents of an adult for an accident?
"Mouth swab screens for probation How long does it take to get results back from a quantisal mouth swab for probation? It's going to be clean, I'm only asking because I'm supposed to move and this is the only thing keeping me from doing so. 

Thanks for all you're help.!

**EDIT**
morgan county, Indiana"
"Liability for Damages My Daughter is 19.  She is going to university in a different town and is renting a condominium and her roommates parents own the condo.  She started a grease fire in the condominium and there was extensive water damages from the sprinkler.  She did not have renters insurance.  The owners insurance company says they are holding her liable and going after my house insurance.   I’m not sure yet if my insurance covers this.  

My question is, worst case scenario, can I suggest I’m not liable for my daughters situation?"
"Tenant Rights in St. Louis, MO - Does my landlord have to fix my mouse problem? I have mice in my kitchen. I’ve cleaned like mad, I’ve set up glue traps and snap traps, and I still witness every night for the past few nights a mouse crawl out of my oven dashboard, scuttle onto my counters, strategically avoid all the traps, and run back up to it’s hiding place.

My question is - who is responsible for getting rid of a mice infestation (tenant or landlord) and if landlord, what is the timeline between notifying the landlord of the problem and contacting the health department if no effort is resolved?

Backstory:

I contacted my landlord immediately after witnessing the mouse and all I was told was “we’ll be doing the same thing, putting out traps. Let us know if you don’t catch it by next week”. No response to my request to also look into how it got into the building. I texted a follow up with more questions yesterday and have gotten no response.

My mom is telling me I should threaten to call the health inspector if my landlord doesn’t do anything. I’m bad at being authoritative in these types of situations, but I did make sure to send an official maintenance request in the apartment system outlining exactly what I am requesting, steps I’ve taken, and emphasizing my concerns. This was partly to show that I’m taking this seriously and partly to have a better paper trail than text messages.

So, just to know all my options, if my landlord doesn’t want to do anything, what can I do? Contact the health department? Is that too extreme? I’m trying to be proactive because my landlord dragged their feet on another maintenance issue we had where our kitchen sink was leaking into the basement, causing pests and water damage. It started a year before I moved in and was fixed nearly a year later. So who knows how much effort, if any, they’ll be willing to put in for my mice problem."
"Taking doors off high school bathrooms In my high school the doors off the two main boys bathrooms have had the doors taken off them (before I had gotten in to the high school). Both male and females have vaped/smoked weed in the bathrooms before yet the girls bathroom doors remain on while the boys bathroom doors (from inside the bathroom to the hallway) remain off. I’m not trying to ask stupid questions but is there anything legally wrong with this? It seems (in my eyes) discriminatory to only remove the boys bathroom door from its hinges while leaving the girls bathroom door up despite similar bad behavior from both.             
               
Location: Stillwater High School, NY"
Car Accident advice Was just in a car accident where another vehicle crashed into me head on. I've called my insurance and they merely told me to file a claim with the other person's insurance(progressive). I have done so within an hour of the crash and they told me an adjuster would look at the claim within one business day. The other driver went to the hospital and I went home. My dad is urging me to go get checked out for my sore hands and knees but I'm uninsured and don't want to deal with the bills. I also haven't heard from Progressive yet so I'm unsure if they cover the medical bills and rental car bills. Any advice? I know this might be rather benign compared to other things on this subreddit but I'm a scared 23 year old.
"[MI] Had someone sign onto my apartment lease, so I could move out. Now I'm trying to sign off and they won't allow it. Hi all,  

I searched through the posts and wiki, but couldn't find anything directly related.  

So I had 5 months left of a 6-month lease and found a job that required me to relocate. To break the lease, I'd have to hope they moved someone in within a month or pay for each month of un-occupancy or pay a flat ~$1000 fee, so, I figured it would be fair to sign someone onto my lease and move out a month later. I spoke to someone at the rental office and was given the ok to do this. Apparently, the manager was not happy about this, so now after signing someone else onto the lease and moving out they're preventing me from signing off for the remainder of the lease. Although the guy who moved in seems decent, I'd rather not take the risk of having my name on the lease. Also, I believe they're not going to let him continue living there after the lease is over, which I feel bad about since he probably wants to live there longer.

Now only the manager is allowed to speak with me and I was told she'll call me back today or Monday.

"
"My sorority fined multiple girls for an offense knowing that it was not finable and isn’t refunding the money. Is this legal? [USA, VA] Hello everyone,

I am the member of a sorority at my school. We have a list of “ritual events” that are considered mandatory and finable if you don’t show up and the absence was not excused at least 2 weeks in advance. Fines range from $50-$100. Our bylaws/rules clearly state that if you aren’t notified of an event 15 days in advance, the event is not mandatory or finable. We had an event back in January that I did not attend and did not provide an excuse for. We were only given 8 days notice of the event and therefore it was not considered mandatory or finable. I, along with other girls who did not attend the event, was charged a $50 fine. I appealed to our financial VP, who said she would repeal the fine. Instead of admitting she made a mistake and that the event was not finable, she acted like she was doing me a favor by repealing the fine, even though I pointed out to her in my email that we didn’t have 15 days notice and therefore the event wasn’t finable. She completely ignored that and basically said that it’s my responsibility to know when events are and show up to them, and then sent me a copy of our rules and a list of finable events “for future reference”. I talked to our chapter advisor to confirm that I wasn’t crazy and the event wasn’t finable, and she agreed. Although my fine was repealed, I want everyone else’s fines repealed too, but the advisor said she can’t guarantee that anything will happen. 

We are having another event on Sunday. We were given 11 days notice for this event, but our administrative Vice President told the person in charge of determining fines to tell everyone that this event is finable. The event is not finable according to our sorority’s own rules, so this continues to be an ongoing issue and is becoming a pattern. 

If you don’t pay your fines, your account will be sent to collections and it will be added to your credit report, so simply not paying the fine isn’t really an option if I want to buy a car or get an apartment after graduation. 

It seems like our FVP and AVP are fining people and hoping that people will just pay the fine and not speak up for themselves. All of this fishy fining is making me concerned about misappropriation of funds and fraudulent activities. Everyone is acting like it’s not a big deal, but fraudulently fining people seems like a huge issue to me. 

Is any of this even legal? Can they just charge us for whatever they want and get away with it? Do the girls whose fines weren’t repealed have any recourse? 

Thanks for your help! 
"
Forgot to give 60-day move out notice due to personal turmoil with school/family related to COVID-19. Is there anything I can do? This semester I graduated from college, my dad had the virus, and my grandfather died. I planned on moving out at the end of this month and completely forgot to give my landlord notice. I haven’t been able to speak with her about this since I only realized today and it is Memorial Day. Is there anything I can do to end my lease on the day it ends (May 31st) instead of being forced to renew? I CANNOT afford to live here any longer at all and planned on moving back home after my lease ended.
"Subletter needs to move out I currently rent a room in an apartment in South Carolina, and recently have moved out due to external circumstances. I had found a subletter, who signed a delegation form with my landlord before moving in.

I got a call from my landlord that they had been smoking pot, had an unregistered dog, and that the boyfriend was staying 100% of the time, while the rental is for one person. After talking to them and my former roommate, I told them they had until the end of the month to find a new place to stay. 

They said that they would be moving out as soon as possible and seemed very apologetic when I talked to them, but I worry that they will attempt to stay in the unit.

Is there any way I can evict them? My landlord told me that if they have to evict, it will go on my rental record as well. So is there any way around that?"
Just moved in, no communication of imminent construction Denver, CO. Signed a year-long lease in February on a basement apartment with some windows. Building has large fenced in yard with community garden, patio, etc. Just received a 10-day notice of construction of a multi-story apt building in said yard that will replace said yard and wrap around the building blocking all light and sound polluting during institutionally regulated wfh. Contacted mgmt saying wtf I didn’t know about this and he responded with your roommate knew I assumed you did too. Can I get out of my lease?
"My neighbour downstairs keeps harassing me for being loud, what should I do? This happened in US, IL. 

My SO and I are living in this apartment for 3 years. We are not American but totally legal to be here. This person moved in last year. She started writing us notes and sending complaints to the apartment since her first month. All about loud steps, using bathtub at night, etc. 

(We are quiet persons and never hold parties since she came. We walk lightly. We also almost never play music. We have a dog and sometimes play with dog in the living room, but never in bedroom. The restroom is about 6 feet away from the bedroom, so unless she tried hard, there is no way the running water can bother her. The building has 3 floors, looks ok but definitely not the noise-proof type. )

The apartment is running by ""one of the largest and most diversified real estate companies in the US"" ( as they claimed). Perhaps they don't want to get involved, they just send us email told us ""We received complaints about blahblah"" and didn't mention what to do. But that is also annoying. 

At first we tried to act politely and ignore it. But the harassment doesn't stop. We've received 1 written note from her directly and 2 complaints from the apartment. I've read some cases from this sub knowing that sometimes the situation can be escalated and become ugly. And the person downstairs seems to be illogical, I mean, she can complain about others using bathtub, what else she can't do? I don't want to be in that passive situation. 

Is there anyway I can stop all of these? Am I in danger of anything in the future for the complaint history?"
"Contract Questions - HR Law, PA Hi All,

I am a PA Resident so you have something to go on. I am in HR, but I am still getting experienced, so I wanted to run this by some other professionals, including you legal folk.

I just received a job offer today for a job that I cannot wait to take. Regardless of the verbiage, I will take it; however, I really dislike it and think that maybe I could help clean it up a bit.

Termination. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, this Agreement may be terminated immediately at the option of Employer on the occurrence of any one of the following events:

* Death of Employee

* Employee becomes mentally or physically disabled. Employee shall be deemed to be mentally or physically disabled if he is prevented from performing his duties hereunder for a continuous period of ten (10) weeks or an aggregate period of twelve (12) weeks during any sixteen (16) week period during which this Agreement is in effect

For Cause"" which shall mean:

* conviction of or entrance of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or other crime which has or may have a material adverse effect on Employee’s ability to carry out his duties under this Agreement or upon the reputation of Employer;

* a violation by Employee of any of his obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation Sections 5, 6 and 7 of this Agreement;

* conduct involving moral turpitude or unprofessional conduct tending to injure the reputation of Employer;
material and continuing failure by Employee to perform his duties under this Agreement in a quality and professional manner for at least thirty (30) days after written notice by Employer

* employee otherwise breaches a material provision of this Agreement

So my biggest issues:

* Employee becomes mentally or physically disabled. Employee shall be deemed to be mentally or physically disabled if he is prevented from performing his duties hereunder for a continuous period of ten (10) weeks or an aggregate period of twelve (12) weeks during any sixteen (16) week period during which this Agreement is in effect

Doesn't this potentially violate ADA, and stand in counter with FMLA? This is the one I have the most trouble with, and would welcome your help.

The second issue is with the next bullet:

For Cause"" which shall mean:

* conviction of or entrance of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or other crime which has or may have a material adverse effect on Employee’s ability to carry out his duties under this Agreement or upon the reputation of Employer;

* a violation by Employee of any of his obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation Sections 5, 6 and 7 of this Agreement;

* conduct involving moral turpitude or unprofessional conduct tending to injure the reputation of Employer;
material and continuing failure by Employee to perform his duties under this Agreement in a quality and professional manner for at least thirty (30) days after written notice by Employer

* employee otherwise breaches a material provision of this Agreement

PA is an at-will state, so the company has the right to terminate employment whenever, for whatever cause. Would this be something they are including so that if a breach occurs they could produce evidence and not have to pay Unemployment? In my experience with PA, judges heavily side with the employee, even if the employee has done a wrongdoing. Are they really protecting themselves here?

Your assistance is greatly appreciated."
"Can I report this man to the police? So I \[18M\] have a Grindr account; for context Grindr is a gay dating app. 

I saw this very attractive 21-year-old man. 6'3, very muscular, and his bio made him seem very approachable. So I messaged him saying hi, and I noticed that his pronouns in his bio are listed as ""that/bitch"" which is a joke, obviously. I have the same thing listed, so I joked that our pronouns were on point.

All of a sudden this dude literally starts threatening to ""beat the fuck out"" of me, claiming that only *he* is that bitch, so I told him that he didn't invent the joke. 

He started saying that if I didn't change my pronouns, he would come to my house and ""dog walk"" me, so I told him my parents are crazy rednecks who would shoot him if he tried to trespass.

He said he's from ""the murder capital of the world"" so I told him I was reporting him to the police. He blocked immediately after.

I only told him I was reporting him to the police so he would stop, but now I'm considering seriously doing it, because it's not okay to talk that way to anyone over a *joke.* I don't think he'll actually do anything, especially since we live pretty far away, but that was still disturbing. I could *never* take him in a fight.

I have proof in the form of screenshots, and I also screenshotted his profile. So can I report this man to the police?"
Help on mutual Divorce My exwife and I need to file for divorce and here is our situation. We got married in FL and we live in NJ now due to military reasons. We dont have any assets to divide. I had two cars and gave her one. We don’t have kids and we are both 21 and we have separate bank accounts. Our divorce is mutual and she isn’t fighting it. We are both on the same page but it all comes down to costs. I don’t believe we are registered as NJ residents yet. Our marriage license is registered in FL. We are young and we don’t have thousands of dollars to spend on a divorce. What can we do?
"(Wisconsin) I’m pretty sure my boyfriend was taken away by the cops while tripping on drugs. What should I do? Made an account just to post this, please forgive me if I break some etiquette or rule —this just happened this morning and I’m sitting in class as I type. Also, I will try to make this brief but the situation is somewhat complicated. Like the title states, I'm concerned for my boyfriend, who I will refer to as “Jake”

To first give some context to the situation, Jake graduated from college last year a few hours away where he was working full time during his “gap year” while in the process of applying to Med school. For now he has been living with two roommates he met at his company. A few weeks after Jake began work his brother passed away unexpectedly, causing him a great deal of stress. Jake ended up quitting his job a week or two ago because the work was stressful and not a good fit and has since spent time figuring out what his next move should be. He’s been maybe a little unhinged lately but nothing too extreme. We’ve been in pretty low contact for the past couple weeks as I have been incredibly busy with school. 

With all that in mind: 
This morning I woke up to 2 missed calls and like 7 texts from one of Jake’s roommates, describing Jake’s behavior last night. Apparently, Jake started doing loud vocal exercises around 1:30 am, which is when the roommate first suspected something was up. Jake, a normally quiet and chill dude was irritable, somewhat aggressive, and ended up overturning some furniture before stripping down and heading outside to talk to some street lights in a parking lot nearby. It was at this point that roommate, completely flummoxed and unsure of what to do, called the police because he had no idea what was going on and was concerned for Jake’s wellbeing. The police asked roommate questions which indicated that they suspected drug use (as I do) and said that they were taking Jake to a local hospital to make sure everything medically was ok. That all of the information that I have about the situation. 

So I’m pretty sure Jake did drugs of some sort last night. He has described a few times he did drugs in the past (4+ years ago), at my request and for practical reasons, he hasn't had any exposure since I have known him. I’m completely taken off guard. I have a huge exam and work tomorrow so the soonest I could drive out would be tomorrow night. His mother is his emergency contact, but his family doesn’t really like me so I would not be surprised if they had access to information and chose purposefully to not clue me in. I am pretty sure that his (conservatives) family’s reaction will be to bring Jake across the country to live at home with them, if that is possible for them to do.

So I guess my question is, legally speaking what should I expect and what should I do at this point?
Is it likely that this was restricted to a medical case, or should I expect criminal charges to be in process?
Would his emergency contacts be contacted in this case?
Is it typical for there to be some sort of hold or psychiatric evaluation in this situation?
Is there any way that I can get information about the status of Jake’s case? (through contacting the hospital or the police? Via phone or in person?)
Is there any way that we can minimize the damage that this incident can cause Jake’s record?

I’ll be available to answer questions and give updates for the rest of the day. 

UPDATE: I called the hospital. Apparently he was admitted last night and released earlier today at some point. That's all they could really tell me. I then called the jail system and found out he had been entered into the system for 3 criminal misdemeanors -- 
-entering into a locked building
-pulling a fire alarm
-criminal(?) destruction of property.

This seems super strange to me since it doesn't at all match his roommates description of the events as they unfolded...
I was also told that they didn't contact anyone (emergency contacts) but he had the opportunity to; they could not tell me whether or not he had taken that opportunity. Bail is apparently set at $1200 and other than that I have no way to contact him until it is paid. I have no intention of paying it (although I know he does). Looks like for now I'm just playing the waiting game?"
"[FL] Trying to get into an apprenticeship with a job that requires a class A CDL, but I have one accident on my record. Title says most of it, I'm trying to get an interview with my local IUOE union for a Crane operator apprenticeship, qualifications require I aquire a class A CDL within 90 days of acceptance but I'm having trouble finding an outline of CDL disqualifications online.

I currently have one small at-fault fender-bender on my record which is set to drop off August of this year, I've had a variety of speeding tickets and one license suspension most of which were dropped immediately in court, those were years ago and I've learned my lesson, I'm a very responsible driver now. 

What I'm wondering is;

1) Can these past, now off my record infractions disqualify me for a CDL?

2) Can this latest accident disqualify me being that it is still on my record?

Hope somebody can shed a little light on this situation, thanks for reading. 

Edit; I have never been charged with a DUI, suspension was for unknowingly driving without a valid license because of a clerical error on the state's behalf after a paid speeding ticket. The charge was dropped in court. 

My only recorded infractions are 3 speeding tickets and above mentioned accident."
"[FL] I have had severe asthma since birth, recently my partner sprayed a known-trigger chemical compound on my pillows and bedding to drive me out of the residence and admits to it - Police won't take my statement The police say the don't know of a relevant statute, I had asked them to think of it as a peanut allergy and someone deliberately putting that on their food/bedding but they will not proceed.

Edit: I suffered a severe and prolonged asthma attack from this encounter and it did drive me from the residence. I also have evidence of the encounter and the intended result of the encounter (to drive me out.)"
"Disposal of ex's belongings My ex-husband filed for divorce in October and moved out that same month. Divorce was finalized on 2/28. I have asked multiple times for him to finish getting his belongings, and he has not. He says he will and then doesn't. 

I am trying to move and sell my house. I need his stuff gone so 1). I can show my house. 2). I don't have to store his belongings in a storage unit costing me money. It's not much, but there's some, and it's all on the porch and in the shed, which are fully accessible to him at any time. 

I texted him a month ago and mentioned I would probably be moving and he would need to get his stuff. He asked me to let him know when it was definitive. I texted him a week ago that I am for sure moving and he needed to get his stuff preferably within the week, max two weeks. 

My question is, can I dispose of his stuff if he doesn't come get it by then? Without getting in trouble? There aren't any marital assets in the decree. I purchased the house alone and it is in my name only. He has been gone for almost 6 months, officially divorced for three. I am kind of over this. 

Also, I'm in Oregon if this matters."
"Can I accuse someone of a murder that happened 10 years ago? 10 years ago I was 12 and my dad had a drinking problem and him passing out was common. He was also on antidepressants, this is pretty important. One night I walked in on my mom trying to pour as many pills as possible in his mouth. She noticed and threatened that she would chop my dick off if I said anything to anybody.

I'm 22, live in my own house and carry. I'm not scared anymore. What drives me to accuse her this late is recently my grandma died and her will says everything goes to my whole family. Not just my mom. She did the whole I promise you'll get what's yours thing so I didn't lawyer up myself. Now she's saying no one except for her is getting the inheritance.

I'm aware how fake this looks because you don't ever hear about anyone accusing someone of murder but I am serious and I need advice on this."
"Applied for a job, was accepted for the position. After starting they received funding for a separate project meaning extra work for no extra pay. Did not sign up for this. Is this legal? Europe based Hi all,

I applied for position at a company and was accepted for the role. After I started I discovered that the company had applied for and awarded a massive international project. I was given a different position/title on the funding application for this project. The project is extra work on top of my current position and there are no financial rewards, no increase in salary, no bonus. Feeling a bit taken advantage of and all of the work included has been brushed under my regular role. Is this legal? Apparently it's the same for everyone so I should suck it up?"
"Today my employer asked all employees to defy my state’s stay-at-home order and return to the office starting tomorrow or lose their jobs We have been working from home since the middle of March and things have been going well, but today, on a company-wide video call the president of the company told everyone “they can come to work tomorrow or they won’t get paid”. He made it clear everyone is expected to be in the office like normal. What’s even worse, he told people with kids that working from home isn’t acceptable any longer, full stop. So people with kids have to take leave, use sick or vacation time, or get fired. My state still is under lockdown and we are in a major city. The state government has a phased reopening plan and our county is nowhere near reopening. There are basically no precautions at the office, no hand sanitizer available (though they did order some which won’t be shipped until next week). 

What do we do? What can we do?"
"I'm getting two paychecks from different payroll divisions from my company. I need advice. I was promoted to work for a specific brand within the company (Midwest, USA) in which they have their own seperate headquarters (seperate payroll, president, marketing team, sales team, etc). However, I'm still receiving a check from my old payroll; however, the amount I'm receiving is not the same amount I received on my old paychecks, which is odd. I started my new position beginning of this year.

I'm assuming my old payroll believes I'm still working in my old position or their is an error, hence I'm still receiving a paycheck. If this were a scenario where a single payroll entity was sending me a double check for the same position, it would be different; moreover, I wouldn't hesitate to report it. 

Is it possible that one side of the companies payroll believes I'm still working in my old position? If this is the case, is it possible that their won't be any red flags as far as the budget goes? The two have their own seperate budgets and don't communicate.

So far as precaution, I haven't spent the extra cash I've been receiving. If I do decide to report it now, I'll chalk it up as the previous weeks I believed they were checks from Q3 and Q4 bonuses (which pay out the following year). 

I'm 95% sure I'm going to report it. I just wanted to get input as this is a unique case. 5% of me believes if I were to leave the company within several months, is it possible it could go unnoticed?
"
"[MD] Inappropriate Performance Evaluations This situation is sort of weird. I've become aware of something happening in a different department at my workplace. A member of that department (A) is being scored and evaluated by another member of that department (B). B is not A's supervisor. B is on the same level as A. 

A recently blew the whistle on some other practices that A's department has been doing, and it was a whole big thing with HR and internal audit. 

My question is, and what I need some advice on, is whether or not a person who is essentially a peer should be doing an evaluation that would count towards another person's potential raise. A's supervisor is more or less being cut out of the process by the department director, whom the whistle was blown on. 

I've been made aware of this situation directly by A, as I'm someone they trust, and I want to make sure that they are being treated fairly, and ethically. We have our own internal audit department and compliance departments, and they are only beholden to the board.

Edit:

A Blew the whistle on the following ( if it helps)
-Misrepresenting on expense reports.
-Forcing hourly employees to work through their lunch (I don't know if they were paid or not, but it is against company policy)
-hiring friends
-using the company credit card for personal expenses.

B is one of the dept. Directors friends from outside of work. Sure, give a friend a job, but I don't think you should work in the same dept. 

Edit 2:

I don't know the status of Hr or Internal Audits independent investigation. I know they are conducting one."
"Condo flooded in Ontario, Canada. Fourth time in one year, building doesn't want to pay. Hi,
	I am the tenant of a condo in Mississauga, Ontario which has recently experienced a flood due to a pipe bursting and I would like some advice on how to protect myself. The condo has provided us with a list of things they will be responsible for fixing and a list of things that our insurance provider is responsible for. It been stated to us that since a flood is an “unforeseen circumstance” or an “act of god”, that the condo cannot be held responsible for all damages. The issue I have with this is that this is the 4th instance of pipes bursting and the 2nd time that I personally have been displaced due to flood damage; the building is barely a year old. I have heard now from my insurance agent that the building has admitted that the pipes were improperly fitted during construction and this was the reason for the flooding. 
	In my non-legal opinion, it would seem that if the building is admitting that there were errors made during construction that the owners should not be responsible for any damages. My main concerns are that:

•I spent a fair amount of money and labour to paint my apartment. In order to dry inside the walls large sections of drywall were removed. The building has said they will replace the walls but are not responsible for painting them

•All of our hardwood floors have been ripped up and we have been informed that we are responsible for replacing them.

•Today they will apparently be moving our kitchen cabinets and bathroom vanity to inspect for water damage. If there is any issue with the cabinets or vanity, the building has claimed they are not responsible for replacing them.

•While drying the apartment there were 8 industrial fans running 16 hours a day for 4 days. I want the building to be responsible for the increase in power usage.
I response to my inquires the building has referred me to section 43 (5)(h) of the Condominium Act. 1998. It claims these items are not covered for a “standard unit”. My questions are:

1.What steps should I take to protect myself?

2.Can I insist that the building be responsible for the issues stated above? How would I go about doing so?

3.If in the end my insurance is responsible for some of the damages, can I insist that the building pay my deductible?
"
"Commuting Laws (WA) I'm expecting this to be pretty quick and unhelpful, but here we go:

I was hired to work in an office branch in town A. My boss knows I don't have a car. They intentionally choose to schedule my training and other pre-season tasks in City C, which is 2.5 hours away. 
 
They told me that as long as I'm not driving, I will never be paid for time spent commuting, regardless of distance or time spent. Are there any laws dictating this, or do I just have to suck up a 5 hour commute?"
"Husband and I are going away without our son. Need advice on leaving our wishes written down in case something happens and we don't make it back. We're in the USA, and are traveling to celebrate our 5 year wedding anniversary. I'm wondering what we need to do in order to name a guardian for our son should something happen to both of us while we're gone. Obviously we want to leave everything to him as well. I remember reading once that all you have to do is write down what we want carried out, sign/date, and have a witness sign (one that is not mentioned in the document as a beneficiary). Is this true?
Any help here would be appreciated. 

Edit: Pennsylvania"
"[Connecticut] What's some good wording that will deter people from using misusing a student directory? I am in charge of putting out an annual student directory for a public school. Last year, we switched from printing out directories for every student to publishing them as a .pdf and emailing them to parents in order to save money. 

Even when it was printed as a hardcopy, I still made sure to include a ""do not use for anything other than its intended purpose"" line on the back. However, once it was made available as a pdf, one local company used it to send out advertisements to all of the local families listed in the directory. 

I would like to avoid the backlash I got from parents due to the unwanted junk mail by beefing up my warning label. What's a good semi-legalese way of basically saying, ""don't use this to harvest addresses for your business advertising, or anything else besides its intended purpose""?

Thank you!"
"Car rental (enterprise) hit by Drunk Driver I was driving my girlfriend home when a driver in a Dodge Charger was aggressively driving (speeding, cutting other drivers off, and not practicing road courtesy) we made it about 15 minutes from when I first saw him, he swerved in front of me and brake checked me harshly. I had no choice but to hit him. The damage to my rental car (19’ Altima) was the front left bumper end, inner fender were damaged. His car had a scrap on the bumper. I have insurance through enterprise covering only the renters vehicle.

We pulled over and the guy tried to shake me down asking what I had on me. I’m a broke college student, so not much. He says if you have $10 I’ll take it. I could smell the alcohol from feet away . I tell him I have no cash but I can go to the bank he gets even more hostile than he was. I was genuinely fearful. Then he starts screaming rushing me now demanding I zelle him but he didn’t want to give his number. It was at this point I realized he probably didn’t have insurance or a license. He got impatient while I was considering my options and pulled out a knife and began stabbing the rented car. I reversed, and he pulled up to the drivers window. And as I was going to drive away NYPD happened to be turning the corner. Saved my life. Long story short he threw the keys to his cars and the knife. When the police went to breathalyze him he denied so he was arrested and sent to holding. He also denied ever driving the car.
The police officer called me back saying he’s being charged for what I can guess as a DUI and I should expect calls from lawyers.

Just wondering what I should do moving forward with insurance (NEW YORK) (ENTERPRISE)? 
I called them tonight and they asked me to come tomorrow morning, advice would be greatly appreciated. I’m still shaken up."
"MI: Reported someone to HR recently for constantly threatening my life (Not the first person they've done this to) and now being fired for tardies that happened in the past and a ""bad attitude"" affecting other personnel.. Been working somewhere for over 6 months now and one of the co workers has always been negative towards me even in training. The past few months the coworker has started saying things like they wouldn't have an issue killing me or that they know how to kill someone so nobody would find out.  I reported the person to HR and then they took an extended time off work.  Everyone became hostile towards me for going to HR because we're short staffed as is and now they are firing me siting past tardies and bad attitude.  Do I have any legal action?"
"Can an employer deduct a non-exempt employee’s pay as a loan repayment upon quitting? [TX] Hello everyone,

I work as the HR Rep/Operations Manager for a small company (50 employees). Three weeks ago, I loaned the guy $300 for some bills he had due. I am not the owner of the company, but I am technically his boss. He was a non-exempt employee and he quit yesterday morning with no notice.

I’m definitely not trying to skirt the law by any means. I’m just wanting to know if it’s legal for an employer to take out a loan repayment. I know paycheck deductions are carefully protected.

"
"Separated for years, Wife A refuses to discuss divorce High school sweethearts married at nineteen; six months later, relationship dissolves, Wife A leaves. Four years later and Wife A continues to refuse to see/speak to Wife B, including for discussions of annulment/divorce. How should Wife B go about moving forward?

No children involved, they were married and continue to live in Texas; Wife A *could* claim infidelity against Wife B, but the relationship was open."
"My boss is making me wait till next pay cycle to pay me for a shift he forgot to pay me for. Is that legal? I live in NH US and I work in a small chain super market. Last week I forgot my time card, so I signed into my shift on paper, like I was supposed to. When my boss was doing payroll, he presumably forgot to check the sheet (I’m the only one who’s used it for weeks) and I didn’t get paid for that shift. It was a 14 hour overnight/overtime shift, so it was a pretty significant amount of money. I told my boss about it. At first he didn’t believe me. Then he tried telling me I signed the sheet after the fact and was trying to steal money from the company. Then after I showed him my schedule from last week, called the two other guys who where on the shift with me, and showed him a picture of me on the shift (he has a history of denying I worked shifts so I started taking selfies with the time clock whenever I work overnights), he gave in and told me he’d pay me for the shift next pay cycle. I live paycheck to paycheck so waiting another two weeks to get that money would really suck. Rent and my car payment are both due next week. I can cover them, but then I’d have literally $12 for food and gas and anything else for the next two weeks. Is there any law saying he has to pay me before next week? I know it’s a long shot but he’s not gonna budge on paying me before then. 

Edit: Added location "
"Step Mother stealing my inheritance I will keep this as short as possible.

My father passed away without a Will last August.
He left a house, money, and possessions (both sentimental and some worth money).

My brother and I live halfway across the country and it is not possible to fly and visit right now because of the pandemic.

He did not have a will.

My step mother (if you could call her that) became the executor of the estate and was suppose to provide an inventory of the estate. My brother and I asked the judge for a bond of the total amount of the estate.

It has been impossible to find my stepmother and when I do find a way (phone or Facebook) she says “talk with my lawyer”.

The lawyer has stated they need her to sign some paperwork but can not get a hold of her.

What are my avenues? Is their any criminal activity she can be arrested for? Is there a way to make her give what is owed to my brother and I?

Thanks everyone."
"[NY] Company could be filing Chapter 11 as I have a baby. How much of my benefits can be cancelled? I work for one of the many companies who, according to some news outlets, might be filing for Chapter 11 in the next few months.


I am do in the summer, and am wondering how much my benefits can change, assuming I keep my job, but also if I lose my job.

* My company adheres to the NY 10 week bonding leave law - but gives more money than the minimum (im guessing they pay the difference)

* Pretty generous PTO

* Health Insurance

Things I couldn't figure out via Google

* NY bonding leave website talks a lot about problems with coming back to work. Doesn't say anything about being approved for leave. If I apply for X weeks leave, does my job **have** to approve it? I am feeling some pressure about taking a shorter amount of time right away and maybe taking more time later

* I know changing health insurance has to be given 60 days beforehand. What about other benefits like PTO - can they just take it away immediately? 

* If i'm laid off weeks or days before or after delivery - How is that handled with payed bonding leave? 

* Am I protected in any way from mass layoffs? Before and/or after birth?


I know this is pretty niche and appreciate any knowledge people have in this subject"
"[Toronto, Ontario] Tenant threatening legal action. Do they have a case? Advice would be much appreciated! They're asking for 25% of their entire rent back!

The most recent dispute has been over the internet being down (it was out for 3 days, we eventually replaced the modem and router). It is in the lease that we provide them internet, but there's no guarantee about 100% uptime. 

Other things they are intending to file are

Us not responding to a gate being frozen at 1 am (The gate has a keypad, landlord was asleep). In response we've now kept the gate open with a brick. They still have 2 locked doors between them and their unit.

Us locking the door to the laundry room. This was because they were placing their garbage and using the room as storage. Once we communicated that they were not to do so and not to leave garbage in the common areas, the door has not been locked.

Us not providing them with a parking space. The lease stipulates that they get a parking space, however we've discovered that the driveway isn't wide enough. We asked them to seek alternative parking, when they were unable to do so...we let them park in the space - we never prevented them from doing so...we just asked to look for alternatives (and would accept the extra cost for such). 

Mold/mildew in the unit. We've never had a problem with other tenants over the previous 2-3 years. However we provided them with a humidity meter, dehydrating crystals, and a dehydrating unit. We also treated the walls and repainted (as the mold growth was minimal). Afterwards when we requested a time to re-enter the unit to re-evaluate - we received no response. 

Complaining about visitors. I've let the landlord know that they are allowed to have visitors. Their main concern is that people are entering and leaving the unit late at night (1 am-5am) and they is concerned for their safety. "
"Driver's insurance won't pay (PA) I was just involved in a car accident with my 10 month old in the car that totalled my car and the other person's insurance sent me a letter saying that they unfortunately cannot compensate me in any way. 

I was going through a light and was hit by a driver failing to yield making a left hand turn into my car. 

The police report has multiple witnesses confirming I was in the right. 

I unfortunately didnt have collision coverage so my insurance is paying nothing. 

Most lawyers I've spoken with aren't interested because nobody was injured to the point of needing therapy. What type of lawyer should I be looking for?

Am I just shit out of luck? Their insurance won't give me any information as to why my claim was denied but I know for a fact that they never even bothered to pull the police report. 

"
"[Arizona] Emotional Blackmail to coerce consent? Is it considered sexual assault in the state of Arizona to use Emotional Blackmail/manipulation to coerce consent for sexual intercourse? For example, if the victim gives consent, but only because the assailant uses emotional blackmail e.g., ""if you don't have sex with me I will kill myself"", is it still considered sexual assault? Or some other crime?"
"Slumlords of Beverly Hills Ugh. So, Hubby and I moved in to a private owned Husband and Wife team townhouse from 80s on May 9th (2 weeks ago) for a 1 year lease in VA. 

They gave us a half ass lease which is generic for Virginia, and signed the last page and had spots for us and them to initial each page previous to this (we initialed each page and signed last page also). They did not initial any page. The lease term isn't even on there...

So, they are already coming with bs and did NOT provide us a 5 day Inspection checklist for move-in inspection. When they showed me the place, I asked the wife if she would provide an inspection checklist and she brushed me off and told me everything is working fine...

1st issue: previous tenant did not do a thorough clean.  Landlords blame it on her and don't accept accountability for just having it professionally cleaned. Landlord husband tells me they already gave her back security deposit. 


2nd issue: We told them the window screen is torn in master bedroom and needs replaced so we can have both windows open to reduce energy costs.  The other screen is fine  (2 windows). One window is old and one is new.  Their response was they need to wait to pay their taxes to address this. So, we should put air on since the air works great....they said they can replace window screen in July. 

3rd issue: Thermostat has not been replaced since 80s. It is a square thermostat and has temperature gauge at top and a control on bottom for heat with a switch to move left for heat and right for air. There is also option for ""on / auto/ and fan."" The auto heat feature has heat running for days...the temperature never regulates.  Even on 70...68....74...etc. when I move the switch to right, actually blows warm air. Nice. Landlords stated in text a tech is gonna come out to check heat pump and if theres no issue we will be charged for services.  This was the wife mostly..she said she didn't think we knew how to properly work thermostat (scratches head). She was very brash in texts.  I said ""No, we aren't paying for the tech as this is not our fault and we asked for inspection check list and did not receive,  so any issues now still need to be addressed in a timely/ethical way. ""

The previous tenant stated it takes a while to get things fixed (regardless of her cleanliness it's landlords responsibility to maintain move in ready property). 

Also only 1 smoke detector In town house upstairs. They made a fuss about providing them in multiple rooms and said they would provide 1 more with a credit of $5 off rent. WTFf??? Then wife got sassy with us and started saying hogwash.

Please see note I was gonna send them below: Is this ok? Any advice in addition???
------------------

Hey Mr. and Mrs. Look, honestly we just want to stay in a nice safe place only the best for our Son. This is a business transaction.  We pay you rent on time and your job is to provide legitimate and helpful real time assistance with complete professionalism,  integrity, and flexibility on normal issues, wear and tear,  maintenance up keep, concerns we may have, landlord/tenant emergency resolutions, etc.

 Nothing said to you about the home is made to be offensive or undermine you.

 Business is Business. 

I have a learning disability and ptsd,  so I need to write things down and to process information I am addressing on paper/email/text. So, please don't mind the long texting/emailing to clarify/ interpret/ so I remember. 

 We are decent people and we went into this agreement believing you, that You as our landlords; would do everything to keep our home as safe as possible even in a home from 1980s. You stated everything was working properly.

 Doing the bare minimum is not acceptable. We are grateful for your kind response to matters and taking issues seriously and not pushing it aside, or not mentioning you have to wait to fix something  because you owe taxes. We have nothing to do with that. 
 That is not our place or business.

I need to know that my child and my husband and I are safe in this home and we don't feel safe right now. This home is not completely move in suitable due to issues below:

1) Place was dirty / dusty blinds/ not mopped/ vacuumed appropriately and not professionally cleaned upon move in. 

2) The carpets were not professionally cleaned and full of dirt and the carpets smell funny. 

3) The doors over water heater area not safely secured to tracks to prevent falling and possibly harming our baby.

4) The downstairs toilet seat needs tightened so when one is sitting on it, it doesn't slide. 

5) The bottom pullout drawer in oven had mouse poop all over it as I previously told you, and old cockroach traps found when cleaning kitchen. 

6) Dead bees and flys trapped inside dirty windows and dead flies  splattered on windows. 

7) Screendoor/storm door does work properly, but door jam not level,  so you have to wiggle it to lock.  

8) light fixture at bottom of steps glass piece fell off when I was attempting to tighten it because someone before us, placed a makeshift rubber band around glass part and lightbulb to secure fixture. This was very loose and fire hazard.

 9) Bathroom upstairs toilet has missing caps over screws in bottom of toilet and no shower plug.  

10) Screen in master bedroom is torn as previously mentioned.  

11) and only 1 smoke detector upstairs which you stated you will provide 1 downstairs.

12) thermostat not working properly to manage energy efficiency. 

We also don't want to be scared in to staying,  here for full lease term if needs can not be met timely or harassed and assuming we are incompetent tenants.

 Again,  we just expect things to be fixed in a timely manner because that's landlord protocol/ethical standards. No place is perfect,  but doesn't mean we can't aim high to make that possibility a reality???

We understand you have other things to deal with, life, work, etc. And may not have extra money to fix stuff, but this place needs a LOT of TLC. This place is not too bad and we are making the back look a lot nicer by proper lawn care and making it our own.

This Is a business transaction. We don't bring drama and we are paying you rent on time for good living conditions/business practice's/morals/standards. 

If you can't provide the support that we need for the remainder of lease term  and are entitled to as tenants, we will have to move out the end of June once pay our June rent soon. 

Please allow us to break lease and vacate and get back full security deposit once we vacate since we haven't damaged anything. 

I'm sure you can find else to move in fairly quickly.  Not to get all personal, but...

I lost my dad to suicide at 20, my twin sis betrayed me, lost custody of my kid due to us both being abused by my ex...we aren't here to play you or take advantage of you giving us a half decent place either. 


We can stay one more month to help you and us out so you will get money for June rent as this is short notice and we owe you that.

 Please can you find new tenants? I can't deal with my safety and concerns being pushed aside as if we are liars and our lives are not just as important as yours. We know our human rights.   

Thank you

--------"
"[MI] Parents Divorce My parent's haven't gotten along in a long time. They both want a divorce. The only reason they've been together is that my step dad would likely have to sell the house if they got divorced and my mom wouldn't have the health insurance from his pension. My mom has polycystic kidney disease and needs insurance. Not sure how much insurance would cost her after she gets divorced.

I believe my step dads pension is $2800 per month. He worked 30 years and was married to my mom during 10 of those years. So I believe her share of the pension would be half of 1/3, which is approximately $466 per month. I believe a lawyer my mom talked to(free consultation) said that it's a marital asset so she would be entitled to get half of it.

Neither my mother or I know how much equity is in the house.

My step dad thinks my mom doesn't deserve any of his pension. He said he would fight it if she tried to get any of that. He has already said that he's talked with lawyers. What he wants is to refinance the home so that he can afford it on his own after giving my mom half of the equity value. Can't really trust him on that either because we don't know what it is and his main goal is to not lose the house/property. I don't really know if it's possible for him to refinance it again. It seems unlikely that he would be able to afford it on his own after my mom gets half considering he's been yelling about being tight on money for a long time.

My mom hasn't had a steady job in a long time. She's just worked prn jobs. She doesn't have any money saved up. She's had to borrow money from me occasionally to afford food/gas. I don't know how she would be able to afford a lawyer.

I feel like we're stuck in a cycle. My mom tries to get work near where we live but my step dad just yells at her so much that she doesn't feel safe being home when I'm at school. Then she becomes too stressed that she ends up needing to leave so she can be away from him. She'd usually stay at family members place then come home like once everyone or 2 weeks. Staying with family is hard with her because the ones she can stay with are not in good health and there home is really dirty. Then staying at home doesn't work out either because she just constantly gets yelled at about little things, and when there's nothing for my step dad to yell about he yells about past things that don't really matter.

The lawyer from the free consultation told us his retainer is $2000 and that the divorce will likely cost more than that since my step dad plans on fighting it.

This is my final semester of college. I've got a near 4.0 GPA and my major is computer science so I imagine I'll be able to afford to help her out after I graduate this December. I'm just afraid he will try to push for the divorce to happen before then.

Any advice would be greatly appreciated."
Speeding ticket If i am being charged with speeding 11-15 miles over the speed limit but the citation says 42 on a 35. ( I got a letter in today that states Speeding over by 11-15) What is the probability I can get this dismissed over the phone. If i set to appear over the phone since i do not live in New Mexico. (New Mexico was where I was pulled over.) Any advice will be appreciated. 
Should I pursue legal action? I'm in CA they're in IL. I just want to see my children. I have suffered from addiction and depression since my early teenage years. Just over two years ago my now ex wife took my daughters(now 6 and 10) and left. She filed for divorce and I was ordered no contact for a year due to my alcoholism. I went into a substance abuse treatment facility without telling anyone and my divorce proceeded on without me and my ex was awarded everything. After many tries at sobriety I'm happy to be one year clean and sober!  I am piecing life back together and gaining more stability every day. I want to and am ready to be in my daughters lives again. The ex has been allowing me 1 supervised phone call a week. I would like more, or to work toward more. Due to covid19 I am having trouble finding out what child support I owe. Ex is very bitter with me, and wont discuss anything more than the one weekly call. Should I get a lawyer?  I dont think either of us could afford it right now.
"Unemployment for commissions in California? Good Morning everyone, 

 My employer has recently sent out the following email stating: 

""This means we will suspend all commissions and bonuses with one caveat.  
If, as a company, we meet our objective, we will payout the commissions earned the previous month.  If not, they will be suspended (not lost) until we actually meet our objective.  
If we exceed the objective by $100k or more, we can catch-up on commissions from previously suspended months where we did not meet our objective. ""


Can I get unemployment, even if I am still collecting my hourly pay (albeit so incredibly low its a slap in the face) for the lost commissions or no? 

Any help is greatly appreciated. 

Thank you,"
"Am I obligated to the lease if all I’ve paid is a holding fee? I applied for an apartment, paid $200 holding fee and was supposed to move in today however I’m in the process of buying a house. I haven’t signed the lease yet and I am unable to move today. In fact I don’t know if I even want the apartment however I need to buy some time to see if the house offer goes through. Am I obligated to move in if all I’ve done is signed the agreement for the holding fee? Again the lease has not been signed.

Please help. I’m not sure what to say to the leasing office. I want to see if I can move the date to next week, but also cancel it if I need to.


TLDR paid holding fee. Haven’t signed a lease yet. Am I obligated. What to tell the apartment complex as I need to buy some time til next week as I’m putting an offer in on a house and need to see if it gets accepted. If not, I may move forward with the apartment"
"Is my friend right about his child visitation case? CA My friend is a Dad and his child lives with the Mom. The child was the product of a one-night-stand and he didn't know he had a kid until they were already several months old and a paternity test confirmed the relationship. She was seeking support which he pays every two weeks from his paycheck. He would occasionally go visit his child (who used to live 2-3 hours away in Calfornia). I don't believe the visitation was negotiated in court but rather, was something that they'd worked out together. 

 A year ago Mom and child moved up to Oregon and my friend wants to go North as well and, if possible, live closer than they did in California so he can have a larger roll in his child's life. For some reason, Mom is now against him having access to his child and since he isn't listed as the father on the birth certificate he has been told that he doesn't have much legal recourse to seek shared custody or visitation order. 

How accurate is this? Is there anything that can be done? It seems unreasonable to me that he is paying for his child while having zero access to them through no fault of his own. He's gotten very depressed over the whole thing, I want to support his efforts to be a present father in his child's life. Thanks for the help."
"Can my landlord charge me for mold that wasn't my fault? [PA] A few weeks ago, a pipe broke in my upstairs neighbor's kitchen that flooded mine. Maintenance basically just showed up with a shop vac and some paper towels, and said they were done. They only replaced a single ceiling tile when it actually crumbled trying to put it back in. 

Now, there is mold in my cabinets. 

Part of my lease says that I am responsible for any charges relating to removing mold, but this damage wasn't caused by any negligence on my part. The water was because of a leak in the apartment above me, and maintenance showed up and refused to do anything beyond wipe up the water. 

I submitted a service request, but I'm worried they'll try to stick the charges on me. Can they do this?"
"Landlord is trying to collect rent for invalid unit. I live in a rent controlled apartment in Los Angeles. During a city inspection last year the city informed her that there is not a certificate of occupancy for my unit. She has been fighting this since then and is currently working on getting a variance from the city.  

&amp;nbsp;

I am moving out of state in the middle of the month and informed her the other day that I am moving and would only be paying half a months rent. She said this is unacceptable etc. and that I need to pay her the full amount. I said that she should just take it out of my security deposit. I came home to a three day notice to pay or move out. I do not want to pay her and I believe that there is no legal reason for me to do so. 

&amp;nbsp;

I have researched this issue and have found that the following case has determined that landlords cannot collect rent on an illegal unit.   
http://law.justia.com/cases/california/court-of-appeal/3d/84/515.html
"
Bank accounts in florida My dad passed away last Friday. I am executor of his will and estate. He had 3 accounts. Two of which we're with one financial institution and the other with another institution. The two accounts at one Bank gave me no problem closing the account. The third account at a credit union will not let me close his account even though I am executor of his will and beneficiary to his estate. They claim that I need to go through probate court because there was no beneficiary paperwork with his account. one of my questions is why did I get hassled from this one Bank instead of both Banks and what documents do I need to request in file with the court? The bank would not give me any details or advice.
"Divorce: Child Bride Edition Help.
Child bride, he was 27 
It’s been 8 years and I’m 24 and I’m tired
My divorce is in like 2 days (hell yeah)
I kept my kiddo’s dad out of prison and I find his behaviors inappropriate. I’m a preschool teacher and he’s a dick. He ain’t a good dad. Talking shit but it’s healthy in this format. Send help. What do."
"My employer falsified my W2 I hope that I can relay everything I need to in a way that is not confusing. 
I work as an Independent Contractor doing promotional modeling or experiential specialty work. So essentially I work in marketing. This means that all of my work is W9/1099 work. I usually ONLY do this type of work because the deductions I have tend to come out in my favor at the end of the year AND because I usually have to buy my own flights and hotels (the gross amount of each contract makes it worth doing it this way) and these need to be deducted as well as gas and makeup ( I have to come hair and makeup ready). 
I started working for a company back in June that was a massive contract for me to land. It was working for a MAJOR toy company. The order of middle men is confusing so I hope that I explain this well. The Toy company hired another company we will call FF, that hired a second agency we will call HH, that hired me. I submitted all of my documentation to HH, which was a contract saying I won’t work outside of them and my W9. I have the emails still that show this is what I sent them, and emails back just stating I also needed to send them my 2 forms of ID. Nothing more. 
Fast forward to present. I was having trouble getting ahold of HH to get my 1099 form to file my taxes. They stated they were only a W4 company and that’s what they would send me. I told them that this was impossible because I never submitted a W4 with them. I asked them to send me a copy of the W4 I submitted on file and low and behold it’s not my hand writing or my signature. They even claimed 0 for me when I would have claimed 3, head of household, single and I have a 6 year old child. They had falsified my W4.
My first question is what can be done about this? Obviously it’s a false document, but I needed this to be a 1099 so I could write off plane tickets and hotel that I bought when I was in San Antonio with them and a plane ticket and hotel for an upcoming trip. Which brings me to my next predicament. 
 I have my 4th contract with them this week. I fly to New York tomorrow to work 6 days for the Major Toy company. However, my boss at FF is in the hospital and is not reachable and he is the one who hired HH so I cannot reach him to discuss any of this with him. A rep from the Major Company has taken his place in handling the models and staff. I called her and explained the situation. She stated that she had cut FF a check which has been paid forward to HH who was supposed to deliver it to me the last day of the event.  She said that given the circumstances If I flew out she would still pay me the last day and work on getting the other money refunded from HH. This helps me immensely because that would be 1099 and I can now claim the flight and hotel I already booked and cannot refund. I called HH to confront her about falsifying my documents and she stated that she didn’t (Of course) and that I HAD to work through her as per my contract. I told her I figured her falsifying my documents was enough for her to know I wasn’t going to work through her again. Long story short she said if I go up there and work with them, that it’s a breach of contract and she will seek legal action. My question is, if that does go to court, would a judge see obviously falsified documents on her end as a good reason for me to breach contract? 

I hope I explained this well and greatly appreciate any advice on how to proceed! Thank you for your time. "
"Financed our furniture and now everything they said was a lie. First time poster to this sub. I am in NY if that matters.

I understand financing furniture is not the best idea but please spare me the scolding I had little choice.

Ok, so I went to a large chain furniture store to buy a living room set and found the set for 1300. I told the salesperson we were looking to buy a home within a year so could not have our credit affected and I was assured by the salesperson that our credit would not be harmed with proof of employment and initial first payment. He stated ""0% interest for 4 months or same as cash basically"". We advised we would pay within 3 months which we will.

When I sat down with the company they have in house for the financing, they said ""he (salesman) needs to top saying that because it's 12% for first 4 months then it jumps up higher."" I got up to leave and the financier stopped me and said "" if you're paying it off in 3 months instead of 12 it will be about $75 because the down payment was principal. In my mind $75 was reasonable to take home the furniture that day. I advised the financier about buying the house and she stated it will have no effect whatsoever on my credit which was a 696 and heading up.

We left and received the furniture. 3 weeks later I get a credit alert stating a new account was added. This lowered my overall lenght of credit by nearly half. I went to review my credit and the account was for $2300 and my score lowered 77 points to a 619 due to higher balance and lower credit length.

After contacting them, they said they never stated it would not affect my credit but said they wouldn't *run* my credit. This is a outright lie. Additionally, the only real discount on interest is early payoff to principal via a 1 time payment. No change on interest per se.

What can I do, or am I just screwed? I feel they materially misrepresented themselves and now my hopes at a house are drastically reduced because it will take **YEARS**  to build up my credit history length.

Thank you in advance for your insight and consideration."
"Outdated Warrant resulting in search and seizure (TN) My roommate recently had a warrant for a driving on a suspended licence. He paid it off and was told the warrant would be thrown out. Today, the cops showed up over said warrant, and found marijuana in the house. It was a decent amount, and now he is in jail. I also received citations for a small amount of marijuana, and a separate one for paraphernalia. 

Is there anything we can do about this? Could the case be thrown out considering the warrant was supposed to be null, but wasn't due to a clerical error (i assume).

We both have ""the cleanest records we've seen in a while"" based on the cops own testament, if that has any weight. 


Thanks!

Edit: I appreciate the quick responses. Thanks for letting me know more about the situation and my options. "
"[MA] Can a landlord charge a lease alteration fee? I'm asking on behalf of my boyfriend. He's renting a room in an apartment in Cambridge, MA. The lease ends on 9/1 but he found someone to take over his room in June. The property manager just told him there's a $70 lease alteration fee once the new tenant is approved and signed into the lease.

Is this a normal charge? And who is supposed to pay this fee, is it my boyfriend or the new tenant?"
I pretty much know my upstairs neighbors have bedbugs So, hello to all you fellow redditors, i am 13 (sorry for any incorrect of bad Grammar as i am on android,) i live in some apartments with my disabled mother in Colorado, a few weeks ago, i started to see some bedbugs, i killed them, i had told the office that we were seeing bedbugs, they later came to check and identified bedbug fecal matter on the wooden frames of my futon, me and my mom had some friends help with getting rid of lots of stuff, days later they came to bomb the place, there were no traces of bedbugs, but today is a few weeks after, i have seen 2 bedbugs within the last week and killed them both, i suspect my upstairs neighbors of bringing them in, as we saw no bedbugs until they moved in, my upstairs neighbors stomp on the floor, have done the bong outside their door and accidentally dropped the bottle on our front door sidewalk and left it for us to clean it, we asked the office to do something, they said we should talk to them, whenever i go to their door to talk to them, they turn off all their things and act as if they are not home, i am just annoyed as me and my mother are going to move this Wednesday for reasons unrelated to this post, and we do not want to bring bedbugs to our new appartment, i feel like asking my office to conduct an inspection on all the apartments in my unit, but i feel like they will deny it, any legal action or things i could do to stop bedbugs from infesting us or coming to our new apartment as we are not the cause of the little bastards being in our apartment? Im just asking for help.
"Do I/Should I file a “just in case” police report against my ex friend and his girlfriend? This is taking place in PA. 
I’m 22 and this is probably really petty but I am livid. I have a past relationship that ended about 5-6 years ago. We remained on great terms and remained friends. We talk DAILY. 

We didn’t talk about our love interests or what we were doing with others. But we always remained flirty to some extent. Hell, we’d both make sex jokes constantly. 

Tonight was like any other night. He was saying he can’t stop buying things. I made a comment I need new bras! Share the wealth. I sent him my bra size and said you know where I live send them or drop them off I’ll repay ya ;). We joked and continued to talk. 

Out of nowhere I get a Facebook message saying do you know _____ I said yeah why. Here it’s his girlfriend I didn’t know he had. She told me I needed to back off (not in that nice way). I got smart back and said we’ve been friends for years so no I’m fine where I am. She wouldn’t stfu even though I gave her answers to show her I don’t care and she’s really just wasting her time.  

This guy sent me a HUGE text. Saying fuck you and everything else including a threat “I know where you live so if you even think about continuing to research her and do anything I can make things a whole hell of a lot more fun for you” . 

I never once called either of them names nor did I send direct threats to them. However I did I tell him if anything happens to me, my family, car, House, current guy (nick). I can and will make his life a living hell. (I’m somewhat in the legal field. I interned in juvie, now probation/parole. Im pretty friendly with the cops, prosecutors and detectives). 

I don’t think he is 100% stable. He’s done shit to his landlord and has civil suits he’s involved with in that. He also has done criminal stuff towards his landlord which they just haven’t pin pointed it to him yet. He’s made indirect threats (typically regarding property..I don’t recall anything ever being physical) about people to me. 

Do I just let it blow over or do I file a police report for a “just in case”? You always hear about those psychos who killed their whoever over something that was started previously. I also don’t want to file and they look at me like wtf is wrong with this girl. How stupid is this. 

NOT NECESSARY TO READ: 

His Text here if you want to read it all: 

I didn't even bother reading the screenshot you just sent me because I already know what it's about and fuck you. I tried to be nice to you and put up with all of the ranting and you talking about other guys you've fucked but I really don't care. I knew nothing would ever happen between us (thankfully) so we just kinda kept on texting and it should've stopped a long time ago, but until I met her I was constantly alone trying to figure out what to do and you were always there. I'm not jeopardizing my relationship over anyone, and obviously what I said was poor choice of words, but I would never come near you again, especially after you actually caught something from someone. You're telling her to take a hint from my messages? They meant nothing, and yes I know where you live so if you even think about continuing to research her and do anything I can make things a whole hell of a lot more fun for you. This is the last message I'm ever going to send to you. Leave her the fuck alone. Leave me alone. Go fuck Nick or whoever and have your own little fairytale life because I don't want you in mine and never did. I'm blocking you and deleting you from my contacts so don't bother.

My response: 

Lmao this made my night and probably all of 2018 maybe some of 2019.  And fuck me for the choices YOU AND ONLY YOU CONTINUED TO MAKE? That now is absolutely fucking hysterical. What you said was a poor choice of words? Hmmm those “choice of words” came from you for how long? It’s not just an ooops that was my bad I said that wrong or it came out funny. You’ve REPEATEDLY said shit to me joking or not. I don’t care about her nor do I care to know anything about her so no I won’t be researching her I have better things to do with myself. All I know is lmao that she’s staying with you now that my friend is a special type of stupid. You’re only saying this because of the fact your ass got caught so don’t try to act all tough now. 

Let me tell you one thing. If anything happens to me, my car, my house, family, nick or ANYONE that I know. I have all your messages and then some saved regarding you and that landlord. MONTHS of saved shit. I can and will make your life an absolute living hell. Don’t forget, I know all the right people. 

Also, don’t even worry about nick and I. We have a great time and have had one since we were no longer fucking around 😉 "
"The place I work at is reopening the lobby including bathrooms and dine in. I work at a certain fast food restaurant and they are completely opening up with only one seat per table and making sure the booths are properly distanced. However, the regular employees do not have an actual break room. Only the managers are allowed to be in the office or take their break in there. If you go on break you either eat in the lobby or go to your car.

In addition to this we have only two bathrooms shared between customers and employees. It was originally closed to customers when the pandemic but now they are opening it up again for everyone.

I've talked to my managers about how I don't feel comfortable with this, especially since I don't have a car and with how hot it is I have to stay really hydrated (Poor AC design and lack of funds to fix said AC). But they've dismissed my concerns stating they can't do anything about it and it is how it is.

Am I legally guaranteed to sanitary and safe work conditions concerning the virus?"
"[WA] Insurance settlement for not at fault auto accident Should I accept my first settlement offer?  Car was totaled from a rear end accident about 35mph
   
I went to the doctor, got physical and massage therapy for neck/back injuries, all billed to insurance for a couple months.  
  
I got a check for the car's value already from my insurance which they billed the other party's insurance for.   
  
I just received a settlement offer for $2500 to close the claim and release the at fault party. I have recovered from injuries but still have occasional flare ups for a day. My car was worth a little more to me than what I got but they gave me the full market value. I had to leave work many mornings to go to doctor appointments and leave work early from pain. I'm salary so it didn't affect my pay but I did use my vacation hours to supplement my hours.   
It also caused a lot of stress, lost interest in martial arts (had to stop for a month and lost momentum), gained weight because I told by my doctor to not work out for a month. Should I write a letter and ask for more or is this fair?"
"My former boss is being sued by an investor, and said investor’s lawyers contacted me to ask me some questions. Am I allowed to mention this pending litigation to former coworkers? Location: Minnesota USA

As stated in the title, my former boss is being sued, and the lawyers of the plaintiff have contacted me to ask me questions. I declined to answer anything at that time, stating that I wanted to think about it before calling them back. I wanted to talk to a former coworker and see if they also got contacted, but was worried that I’d get into trouble for doing so. Am I allowed to do that?

While I’m at it, am I allowed to decline cooperating altogether? I don’t really have beef with either my former boss or this investor, and I don’t know that I want to involve myself. Thanks in advance for the advice!"
I need help in Minnesota. Family Law. My kid is 1. Took care of my kid and his mom the past year. Paid rent and all bills. We switch off every 3 days with our son. Physically we've had him 50/50. Financially i've done more. I was served papers a few days ago to go to court over child support. I don't feel that i should have to owe her anything when I do everything plus more already. I am also not the most financially stable so i am looking for low cost or pro bono. I am in ST Paul, MN. Hopefully someone sees this that can help. I've called everywhere to no avail and now i feel helpless. PLease help me..
"Recently laid off and I now can't afford to break my lease -1.5 months rent. I worked for a company that covid-19 financially affected its business. I was laid off a few weeks ago and now I'm realizing I cant afford to pay the rent going forward. 


I had a roommate that lost their job in end of March, who has been gone for a month now. I was covering their portion of rent with hopes of finding a new roommate soon. With no job and now very little prospects of a roommate in this greatly affected city I need a way out of the apartment. 


I also realize I can't afford the lease break fee of 1.5 months rent, plus two weeks of prorated rent (if I tell them tomorrow).

Is it fair to ask the leasing office to accept payment plan to pay the lease break fee? 

Do I have any options?"
"Landlord leaves junk on rented yard Me and my roomates are feuding with our landlords a bit. We pay $1800 a month for a 2 bedroom 1 bath subdivided house in California that has a large gated backyard and pool. The property is shared between a studio apt and a 1 bedroom that’s all connected. The landlords show up unannounced with absolutely no notice 4-5 times a week anywhere from 8 Am to 10 pm. This has become a lot especially when we are trying to have social events in the yard. They bring their massive Dog (Akita) that barks at us. 

Additionally they leave their junk all over the yard. There is a massive striped motorcycle Frame and tires left in the yard right outside my roomates window. They told us they would move it 1 year ago. Is there anything in the law that discusses landlord junk on a property rented by tenants? 

We have never been late on rent and have no complaints against us from the neighbors just to clarify😊"
"Membership Agreement phrasing advice (US) I can't edit my state, I apologize, I'm in Colorado.

I signed up for classes at a local kickboxing club where I paid the first and last month up front. In the process of loving it there, I sprained my ankle.

My doctor told me I had a very bad sprain, advised me to quit the boxing class, and gave me a note to cancel my membership with the boxing company with the suggestion I take on activities which would be less stressful to my joints, especially my ankle.  He then told me to see a specialist and recommended I get physical therapy.  

I went into the kickboxing club to cancel and the owner said that would be fine, but suggested I put my account on hold for a couple of months to see if my ankle heals and if I may be able to take up the classes again, since they knew how much I loved it.

Today I called the boxing company to cancel my membership as my ankle is still healing (2 months later) and as advised by my doctor to stop.

The girl on the phone advised me there would be a $50 cancellation fee. Since I've already paid for a final month that I can't use, I suggested they can take the $50 cancellation fee from the amount from the month I pre-paid for and then refund me the remaining amount.  The girl said that they wouldn't be refunding the last month that I've already paid for, as they don't do refunds, and $50 cancellation fee is an extra fee.

I asked why they wouldn't take it out of the final month and she said they don't do refunds and that it doesn't say anywhere on my contract that I can transfer the pre-paid amount to another service.

It didn't sound right to me, so she suggest I read my contract, which I've now done. 

My contract says:

**Should member(s) permanently move their residence more than 25 miles from [name removed], payment on this agreement will be suspended upon payment of an appropriate cancellation fee of $50.00 and legitimate verification of the move.  I hereby specifically acknowledge and agree that I have the right to cancel this Membership Agreement when (i) I die; (ii) I become totally physically disabled as determined by a licensed physician or advanced practice nurse for the duration of the Membership Agreement; (iii) The Club is moved to a location that is more than (5 ) miles from the current location of The Club; or (v)this Membership Agreement is transferred by the Club Owner ceases operation or sells the Club and the sale results in substantial alteration of the quality of health club services or facilities or the nature of benefits so that they no longer conform to the provisions of this Membership Agreement, but there shall be a thirty (30) day ""right to cure"" during which the fees payable by me under this Membership Agreement shall be suspended and the new owner of the Club may bring the services, facilities and benefits into conformance with the provisions of this Membership Agreement.  If cancellation is requested before the initial contract term has expired by a member (s) who does not meet the above criteria, the member(s) is responsible for an early termination fee of 70% of the remaining balance.**

This phrasing actually causes me to understand I don't own any cancellation fee and they should refund me the full balance of my pre-paid month. 

It also doesn't say anywhere on the contract anything about the pre-paid amount, that it can or can't be used for a cancellation fee.

Am I being unreasonable to expect to get my pre-paid month back, or since having read this to have an argument to not even owe the club a cancellation fee?"
Is this a hit and run? I thought I cleared this wall at a business. I checked my car and it has previous damage but looked fine. I called the business and sure enough they had black paint. They said they had no cameras and had no way to tell if it was my car or someone else’s. I offered to give my phone and email and possibly car insurance. Is this a hit and run? Are cops gonna show up this week?
"How do you go about finding a competent child custody lawyer? I haven't needed a lawyer for a very long time, and now find myself needing one for a custody situation. How do you go about finding a good one? I have had experience in the past using the phone book/google and wound up with a laywer that ""said"" he practiced family law but really the only thing he was good at was cashing my checks. This time around is much more...tricky... and I need someone who can really get the job done right. 

How do you find such a lawyer? (In northern United States)"
"[USA-CA] Apartment Flooded at 4 am Good afternoon Redditors,

I am here seeking advice. 
Preface: 

We have lived here 4 years, in this duplex apartment with our 2 kids new born and 5 year old. We haven’t had a lease since year 1. 

About 3:30 am the dishwasher water line burst somehow. (We haven’t used the dish washer since we moved in) it soaked the living room, dining room and the bedroom closet behind the kitchen and about and inch of water in the Linoleum in the bathroom across from the kitchen and in the kitchen. 

All the water is now almost gone in the kitchen and bathroom.

My questions...

1. Did the water already seep into the walls or tiles? 

2. What is the our responsibility?

3. What is the owner/apartment managers responsibility in my state? 

5. Do they have to provide us with housing until this is fixed?

Should we bypass the manager and go to the owner?

Building manager:  they brought a shop vac and told us to use it if we need to get it up sooner than waiting for the carpet cleaner, we asked about removal of the tiles and carpet we where told that it’s all dependent on the carpet cleaners coming out and telling her if it’s a lost cause or not. 

We where told that we can take our deposit and find somewhere to go “a vacancy “ because they do not offer housing for this.

We just need to know what to do to protect or family now, and long term."
Punched someone in the face at a bar I know I’m very clearly in the wrong here I just need an idea of what to do. I was in a bar on New Years when I saw a group of guy getting in my brothers face and what not talking to him. Like an idiot I went in and punched the one guy in the face. The police took my intro and I just received a court summons in the mail for harassment. I know I’m guilty but should I get a lawyer? Am I going to end up in jail for this? I’ve never been in trouble before this was just a really dumb incident that shouldn’t have happened
[Chicago] Roommate just up and moved out randomly and left me with paying the rent.. Neither him nor his dad are answering any calls or texts, he didn't pay the rent or utilities, didn't give me a 30 day notice, and put a deadbolt on his room taking the keys as well as the house keys with him. We had a roommate agreement written out outlining his responsibilities but he was not on the lease only I was. Not sure what else to include in here but I'm really not sure whether I should pursue legal action or not.
Starting my own pornographic business, need advice on how to build a contract. Hi! I have almost all the tools required to start this business, except for the fact that I have no clue how to make a contract giving me control over the material produced ( editing, distribution and all ). I am not trying to do anything weird or illegal ( child pornography, bestiality and whatnot ), but I want to protect myself from any bad surprises. Would for example taking pictures of 2 provincial or federal IDs with picture and age be sufficient to protect myself? Is a simple home made contract good enough or do I need to get a lawyer to come up with a contract ? I've been looking around trying to find laws regarding the production of pornographic material but I can't find anything. Please note I have never needed to look for legal advice before, so I might not have the tools required to search properly. Could you please help me and guide me towards the right answers? I live in Quebec, Canada btw (which might also explain some spelling errors). Thank you very much! 
"Is this legal to do? Paying contractors in my startup (USA/South Carolina) I’m the founder of my own startup. I have already hired people who are legally considered “contractors”, 3 of them to be exact and they are scattered across the US (Online startup).

2 of those 3 contractors are putting in work. The other contractor on the other hand is rarely here and has literally done 0 projects so far. My startup started on the 2nd of this year and based on the agreement that they signed, their initial probation period lasts for 30 days and they get paid every 3 weeks. 

They are still in probation and today is their first payday. I already paid the first 2 contractors; however, I am iffy about paying the other contractor for the reasons that I have already explained. 

I just wanna make sure to avoid any legal situations. I have the right to NOT pay them now right?"
"Wife lost her job due to pregnancy Ill start by saying we live in Australia.

Little bit of a back story. My wife worked at one business for a number of years, the workplace became toxic and she had to leave. It was a matter of mental health at this stage. She started temp work for a few months and struggled to land a similar job elsewhere.
In these few months she fell pregnant. She finally managed to get a full time job but decided to hide the pregnancy in the interview (we both feel terrible about this believe me). About a month into her new job she decided to break the news and tell everyone. Most were happy but some were obviously and understandably annoyed.

Over the next month shes noticed shes being treated differently, people seemed to treat her worse. Everyone seemed to stick their nose up at her.

Last week she typed up an email explaining what leave she would like to take once the baby arrives. She explained clearly she has no intention on leaving and only plan on taking a small hiatus. Today they called her into a meeting to discuss said email.. Now I obviously wasnt there and really only heard her story through tears and a panic attack. But basically they said once she starts her leave, she wont be coming back. They couldnt figure out how to make it work. We don't want to play the law card, thatll just make the workplace worse for her. But we dont know what else to do..

Advice on this PLEASE! We're both trying to carry on in life and this is going to stop alot of things we have in motion."
"purchased a tshirt and a beanie 3 months ago tshirt never came. on february 21st i purchased a beanie and a tshirt in a bundle sale. the shirt was 55 dollars and came with a free beanie by purchasing the shirt. The beanie shipped sometime during the last week in march, yet the tshirt is nowhere to be found. I'd be fine if the beanie didnt come since that was a bonus freebie but of course its the tshirt. the most recent update on the t shirt on USPS tracking reads ""the originating post is preparing shipment"" and that its been ""processed through facility [in] Chonqing EMS, China"" april 17th. Meanwhile, the company that I ordered from's most recent tracking reads ""package is received and is in transit"" april 22nd. 

Their refund policy states ""Our policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange. To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging""

Clearly its been more than 30 days but i also never received my package in the first place. i sent an email using their contact section on their website in the middle of april, in hopes to clear some things up. Never got an email back. Read online that if you email a seller about a refund of an item that has not been delivered yet, and do not get a response within 30 days, your money is to be refunded. Unfortunately because i used their website to send my email, the draft of the email is not showing up under ""sent mail"" Meaning i have no proof i sent an email the third week of April. I resent a similar email today, this time screen recording the entirety of the email and the date along with me hitting the ""submit"" button and receiving the message letting me know i should expect to hear back soon as means of proof."
"(Louisiana) Haven't received credit card tips for over a month Been working at a restaurant/bar for 2 years. We split all tips evenly across FOH staff per shift, usually pulling credit card tips from the till at the end of the shift. Occasionally, this will leave the drawer underfunded for the next shift. In these cases, we would record the tip pool and collect our tips the next day. However,  I (and others) have not received CC tips for multiple shifts worked in December. When we brought this up with management, they assured it would be handled in a day or two. It has now been over a month and I am owed over $500(!). Considering my boss' lack of concern, I have parted ways with this company. Now they are claiming they do not owe me this money. There is full documentation of the tips and the fact that I worked during the shifts for which I am owed. How can/should I proceed from here?

Thanks in advance."
"[Louisiana] Trust Fund Was to Be Available at 21, Can’t Contact Person In Charge To keep it short: 

My grandfather passed years ago and left a trust fund for me when I turned 21. I’m now almost 22 and would like to access the funds for school but do not know how to go about it. I do not know where it was opened or when other than it was in the late 90s and the lady everyone told me to call for info has a new phone number. How can I track down the money? "
"anybody have experience with ""Caters News Agency""?? they recently contacted me about syndicating some photos, and i was wondering if anyone has experience working with them?"
"[US] On the park of my Parking Stub there is a bunch of Jumbo, how much of it is/can actually held up in court? I got this stub from Nevada a month ago, but I recently got the same legal jumbo from a stub in California so im not sure if its the same in every other state.  It reads



______________
**This parking ticket is your parking contract. This contract Limits liability of facility owner and parking operator. It licenses you to park one vehicle in a designated area at your sole risk and at posted rates. Any car you park at this facility is parked at your sole risk. No care, custody or control of your vehicle or its contents is assumed by facility owner or parking operator and neither facility owner nor parking operator are responsible for any fire, theft, damage or loss. You alone are responsible for parking and locking your car. This ticket is your contract and for timekeeping purposes only. Only a license to park is granted hereby and no bailment is created. This is not a claim chec. This is your entire contract and no employee may modify or waive any of its terms. By your acceptance of it you agree to all foregoing terms.**
___________


I can understand nearly all of it, but would it hold up in court?"
"Landlord has wrong rent amount on lease, but it benefits me So the landlord and I verbally agreed on $2500/month rent on a property me and my roommate are moving into soon. However when looking through the lease agreement it says the rent will be $1500. If I keep my mouth shut and both the landlord and I sign that document, it makes sense that the landlord has no choice but to accept $1500 as the monthly rent until the lease end agreement, correct?

I mean sure the landlord will be pissed but that’s on him for not proofreading."
My mother and I are being treated like garbage Hi, this is my first post and it’s a bit embarrassing but me and my mother currently are renting a house in WA state. We recently found a mold problem(something my mother is allergic to) and the rental company or property owner have will be raising the rent from 800 a month to 950. The change won’t go into affect until they “come and figure out the mold problem.” They are basically threatening us to pay more because we’ve found a problem with they’re rental. Any help that may help us get them to back off?
"Would letters of character help me fight my battle on a class b theft misdemeanor in Texas that I didn’t do? Please no hate. 
I’ve never been in a situation like this.
I’m very terrified, and trying to find the right answers I need. 
Yes, I understand I need to talk to lawyer irl, ect. 
At the moment, I’m very very scared, and can’t sleep because I’m being accused for something I did not do. 
I just need someone to help me ease my pain on this situation because I’m stressing so much. 
Mainly because what I’m being accused for i have no film or proof I didn’t do it. The store I worked for has no cameras, and the person who was involved with the thing I’m being accused for I know for a fact is not going to come forward. 
I’m basically being framed for her actions, and like I said before, I’m very terrified of the out comes especially since I’m trying to attend college and earn myself a good job. 
I was stopped for the first time in my life by the cops last night, and locked up in jail for the night on Christmas Eve for a warrant I didn’t know I had. 
I was having extreme anxiety attacks in jail because I’ve never been arrested and put in jail before. I was bailed out by my family. 
My family and friends say it will be fine since I didn’t do it. 
But there’s no proof I didn’t. 
Now I have to deal with all this. 
I feel so alone and vulnerable about this situation. 
I honestly don’t know if I have the money to get an attorney, so I agreed to an appointed attorney. I was given a paper to fill out.  Not sure if that was the best solution. 
Again, I’ve never been in a situation like this. 
Whatever advice will help. I really appreciate it."
"Am I entitled to this property? My soon to be ex-husband and me purchased a house after we got married, But I was not included on the deed. (His father co-signed for it because we had better chances of getting approved for a loan, I believe he left me off the deed for this exact reason that I'm posting about).

I live in Colorado, online it says that we are a 50/50 state, So I'm wondering if I'm entitled to my percentage of equity on the property, or if because I'm not on the deed I am not entitled to that compensation?

Divorce is expensive and I'm trying to see if this is worth fighting for, thank you!"
"What is considered an “individual” grant? I’m currently interning for a nonprofit organization that requires funding for its executive positions, thus they’ve sent me to scout for eligible grants. Most of not all of the grants I’ve come across do not award money “individuals.”  

By individual, does this mean single people, or does it refer to the entire body of executives such as those within my organization?"
Question about Pressing Charges Can I take someone to trial and press charges against them for something that allegedly took place 10 years ago? There is no evidence or witnesses.
"Reporting someone for distributing child pornography. I live in Ontario, Canada and the person that I am reporting lives in Delaware, US.

About a month ago, I noticed that a person that I am following on twitter is posting unlawful photos of herself on her protected twitter account with OVER 80 followers. She's a 15 year old girl and I was very concerned about people taking advantage of her photos so I decided to download those photos and email them to her mother and father.

Once her mother got the email, she scolded her daughter and asked her to reactivate her NSFW account. She then promised her daughter that she wouldn't tell her husband about her photos online. (I know this because the child in question talked about it on twitter.) I was enraged by that so I emailed her father instead, and he forced her to deactivate all her twitter accounts. However, she had returned back on twitter two days after that incident and I'm not even sure if she posts pornographic photos anymore because I don't have access to her 5+ accounts.

I was very upset that her parents were very lenient, so I planned to contact CyberTipLine instead. However, now that I think about it, I'm not sure if I could also get in trouble because I guess I did possess those photos when I emailed them to her parents but they were for the purpose of letting her guardians know. Can someone let me know what to do?

(Also, I apologize that I didn't contact CyberTipline when I first saw those photos. That was very dumb of me and I now realize that. **I'm under the age of 18** and I'm not very knowledgeable about those types of laws. I don't want to get involved in this issue, and all I really want to do is report her and make sure that she is not going to share those photos again.)"
"After a disagreement, I asked my niece to give me back my gift and she did. Now my sisters want to evict me. I'm NOT on the lease. Do I have anything to fear? Chicago, Illinois The title is basically the gist of it. My niece is 21 and the gift was a trendy hair accessory for Christmas. She never gave me anything. She never does. The day before I asked for my gift back, we had a civil disagreement. Then she didn't invite me to her birthday party later on that day. Taken aback, I asked for my gift back. She gave it back willingly. 

**Now her mother, my sister, wants me evicted. I'm not kidding.**

I've lived here for 5 months. 6 months by the end of January. I leave in Spring, so I'm not sure why they are threatening me especially since they have no cause. I pay one sister rent and electricity. The other one gas. I pay on time, which is more than I can say for them. But I just want to confirm some things.

* Cook county doesn't evict in winter.
* They need Just cause. Even if they get the landlord involved.
* It will take months.
* It will be costly on their end.
* I have nothing to worry about. Even if they send me some 30 day notification.

The landlord lives in Texas. So I'm not sure he will care too much, and I don't know if he knows I'm here. 

What should I do?"
"[CT, US] Legality of security cameras in classrooms. Hello, I'm a high school student in a public school. One of the rooms my class is held in has recently received a security camera overhead that is kind of unnerving. It is the only class with a camera that I have seen in all my four years of being here, and students and teachers seemed kind of annoyed at its existence. I haven't really spoke with anyone other than students and my teacher about it (who now wants to switch rooms) because I don't think there are any legal grounds or rights I have to speak against it.


Is it legal to install the camera without contacting anyone beforehand? Bad practice?

Kind of destroyed the whole culture of the class, everyone acts different when they know everything they're doing is recorded."
"[Colorado] Apartment neighbors leaving cat litter garbage bags near my door. An unknown apartment neighbor keeps leaving used cat litter in bags (hefty, grocery, glad, etc) in a corner of the apartment breezeway/outdoor hallway which is near the stairs and next to our front door. It smells disgusting and is unsightly. 

I’ve emailed the apartment management multiple times about this. I’ve sent numerous photos and videos. They have written back, “since we do not know who is leaving them there we will have to see what we can do.” They’ve done nothing. They sent a general email to all residents stating people are leaving trash outside designated trash pick up times and not in the designated trash areas. The fecal bags are still being dropped in that corner.  I’ve emailed them multiple times since the general email. It took 2 months and 4 more emails to get them to respond to my emails in which they sent another email to residents of our building reminding residents of trash guidelines and that someone is leaving bags of litter. They haven’t removed the trash either. 

This has been going on for about four months. I’ve tried hanging out in the breezeway to catch “the fecal people” to no avail. I don’t want to spend money for a spy camera either. One of the garbage bags has matched a couple residents’ garbage bags outside their doors (we have a trash service), but I don’t think that is a definitive guilty unfortunately. 

Not a pressing matter, but it’s the principle of the situation.  Looking forward to any advice. 

Should I email the corporation that owns this apartment building community?

TLDR: unknown apartment neighbor leaving used cat litter feces urine in hallway. Apartment management not helping."
Fighting a Traffic Ticket So this occurred in Canada. Today I was pulled over for speeding and failure to signal. I was only issued a ticket for failure to signal and verbal warning for speed as the officer’s cruiser did not have radar. I want to ensure that this doesn’t go on my record as I can’t afford an insurance increase. If I take it to court, can the officer bring up the speeding and try to charge me with it if I challenge the ticket. Would the defence tjat there was a semi in front of me (i’m on a motorcycle) and i’m trying to get away from it as it makes me uncomfortable to be around due to being on a motorcycle hence the abrupt lane change without signal to go around it be valid?
Neighbor claims her son saw me hit her car, I didn’t. NY Just a few minutes ago I had a police officer knock on my door to tell me my neighbor says her son saw my car bump the back of her car last night. Every Thursday and Monday at 6 PM we switch sides for street parking. She said her son witnessed the bump. That makes me wonder, why didn’t anybody ask me then and there about it but instead have a police officer come to my house 24 hours later. I went over to her house and gave her my cell phone number to call me tomorrow. She is going to get a quote for repairs tomorrow. I’m positive that I did not touch her car. The damages are very minimal (2 small superficial scratches.) Am I on the hook for the repairs? This is in New york. Thank you!
"Put my two weeks in at my job, they took me out of the system 3 days before my last day So I have worked at my job for over 3 years. I put my two weeks notice in, and on the sheet I had to fill in when my last day was. I put down Friday, May 8th. I was scheduled to work yesterday, today and tomorrow. I came into work yesterday for my shift and was unable to clock in. I told HR and she said it looks like someone took me off the schedule completely. I tried to change my password to see if that would work, nope. Said I was an “invalid user”. My manager took me out of the system as an associate, put me as a terminated employee 3 days before my actual leave. She saw me come into work, she saw me working, she glared at me and didn’t say one word to me. Not a “oh I’m sorry for the confusion” NOT A WORD! I ended up having to take my leave 2 days early because I was unable to do anything considering I’m not in the system (very computer based job). I’m wondering if this is completely legal? 

Side note: we were supposed to get a bonus in the next paycheck, if I didn’t work these 3 days I don’t get the bonus. Maybe that had something to do with it?"
"[MA] Landlord opened a second bank account in my name to store his assets, without my knowledge or consent, after I provided him with a W9 to open a single account for the security deposit Hello /legaladvice,

 I am having many problems with a landlord after moving into a new rental property. The most recent issue I just found out about is that after providing a W9 for him to open an account in my name to store a security deposit, he opened a second account in my name, without my knowledge or consent, and has deposited into it his personal money which he states is from rent.

  I am becoming more and more aware of MA tenant laws and tenant rights after dealing with this man, however his recent actions has left me feeling extremely uncomfortable since I am unaware of the laws regarding banks and escrow account creation.

  I feel his actions are highly illegal but have not been able to find any information on similar situations. I have an attorney who has been assisting me on several other matters with this landlord (I have informed him of the above but don't believe I will get a reply for a few days) but would like to ask Reddit for any advice on my position or experience with like events.

  Are his actions as serious as I am leading myself to believe? Or am I overreacting due to having to deal with a near constant stream of issues through the first month of tenancy?

  Any assistance, advice, or comments would be greatly appreciated. 

Thank you in advance,
  Mr-Mass"
"Stolen car found but missing valuables My car was stolen in California, and it was recovered about 10 hrs later. Inside my car was about 2,000 dollars or more worth of tools and school essentials.(MacBook, iPad). But all of that was gone, also they removed my spare tire and floor mats and. 
The police found and arrested 2 people in the car which the police said they were going to press charges on. My question though is, can I press charges on them for my valuables that were stolen too? I asked the police but they brushed my question away. What happens to my valuables? What are my options?"
"Question about legal guardianship My wife and I were asked to be the legal guardian of our nephew. It was posed to us for the purposes of a will, basically if the parents were to die, we'd be the kids legal guardian. We both live in New England, but in different states.

So usually I would say yes in a heart beat. It's sort of ""what are the odds"" meets ""I would want to help if something awful happened.""

The problem is my sister in law. I do not trust her at all. Her personal debt problems are well documented and basically out in the open to the family. Family members have received phone calls from companies saying they were put down by her as a cosigner on a credit card, with no warning at all. Didn't even ask if it was alright. Maybe cosigner is strong, but as some type of reference? Something like that. It's also not ""hard luck"" type debt. It's frivolous spending and poor, shortsighted decision making. I know that as a family they are in over their heads with debt and have really over-extended themselves (car loans, mortgages, the kid is a toddler and goes to day care, etc.).

If they both were to die of course I will take the kid. Of course. But I am hugely worried about somehow being a party to their enormous debt. If they both die, surely the kid inherits their problems? Then I get them by proxy?

It is a difficult conversation to have, as well. How do I tell my brother in law ""yes I'd love to help but your insane, untrustworthy wife is making me nervous""? At the very least it seems to me very un-family-like to give a reluctant yes, but that I'll need a lawyer to review it so I can be sure it's on the up and up.

So that's my question. I could barely swing the expense of another person joining my family as it is. I could certainly not swing any additional financial burden that comes along with their passing. Would I be opening myself up to that by agreeing to be the guardian?"
"Is debt accrued due to a contact signed when underage valid? (FL) As stated in the title, when I was 17 I entered into an agreement with barnes and noble to rent a textbook from them. I understand this was stupid of me, but I returned it past the deadline and decided to ignore any potential consequences. 

Well the consequences have arrived, years after I have forgotten about this immature decision. I have just recieved a letter from debt collectors for $228, and I suppose I am just wondering if I am legally required to pay this debt if I was underage when I signed the contract.

I know that I have brought this situation upon myself, but I am still relatively young and scared that this will harm my credit because I do not have the ability at the moment to throw $200 at this problem to make it go away. If I do have to pay this debt, would it harm me to wait until I can save up the money? I really appreciate any guidance that can be offered in fixing this severe lapse in judgement. And again, I recognize I was (and still am) very dumb for getting myself into this situation in the first place."
"Going to court over false police report My friend [F19, Ohio] noticed several charges on her card dating back to early April. These charges totaled just over $400 and they were in three installations. Two of which were both identical amounts around 150.49. She called her bank and they advised her to file a police report since the charge was dated roughly a month ago. 

She filed and the store sent the recording from the charge time to the sheriffs office. After 3 days he got around to viewing them and found nothing. He decided that the transaction may have been an online transaction. He traced the IP and supposedly wound up with no more evidence.

He called her in to the department and told her she has to appear at court sometime next week. To my knowledge of the case, she truly has no idea who used her card. Additionally, she is being charged with a potential felony for filing a false report since the sheriff was unable to locate any evidence.

Is it a false report just because they didn’t find any additional evidence? My friend filed the report with utmost confidence she would figure out what happened and now she is being charged.

Side note: I’m in school for computer technologies and don’t see any reason that a VPN could not have been used if the purchase was online, effectively masking any instance of an accurate IP address."
"Landing Page/Captive Portal legality How legally binding are landing pages for public free internet? AKA hotels, sarbucks. If someone torrents or performs some other form of illegal activity on that network can the company in any way be held liable?

Located in Utah USA"
"Need help! Walmart fired me for calling in during the pandemic!? Just wondering what my options are or if its even legal for them to do so during this time.

If anyone cares to try and help me thatd be great.

Ill be contacting the free legal helpline for my state (MI) tomorrow!

Thanks for reading!"
Car crash involving Uber. I’m not sure if this is the right place for this. This morning, my father was rear ended at an intersection by an Uber driver. The Uber driver &amp; passenger are lying saying they were stopped (and yet somehow rear ended someone). Does the Uber app record movement? Or is my father screwed because Uber driver has a witness willing to lie?
"Father-in-law is being sued for an accident that happened while he drove my car [CA] Not quite two years ago, I was in the process of moving my family out of the country as I was taking a job overseas. I was already in Europe setting up our residence there, but my wife and son were still in California preparing to move. My father-in-law came to town to help her pack up our belongings, and used our (leased) car to go pick up some food. While driving, he made a u-turn and was broadsided by a woman going the opposite direction. We notified our insurance (Progressive) and he was found at fault, but was not ticketed by police at the scene and there were no injuries. Because I was in Europe at the time, I wasn't super involved with the process other than approving a shop where Progressive had the damage appraised - our car was eventually deemed a total loss, and the insurance company paid off our lease. Didn’t hear about the other driver, other than my insurance notifying me that her lawyer was requesting to know my policy’s coverage limits.

Now, just under the two-year statute of limitations since the date of the accident, my FIL has informed me he was just served lawsuit papers at his home in Texas, sent by a lawyer here in California representing the woman who was driving the other car. Claims of injury, loss of income, personal suffering, etc. No monetary amount is indicated, other than it being more than the $25,000 threshold. FIL has his own insurance, through USAA, but I’m not sure if they were notified of the original accident or not. My family and I are back in California now and still have insurance through Progressive. I have not been served papers, though my insurance did let me know that the claim the other driver originally filed was still open as of a month ago (I was calling about another matter and my agent informed me).

My question is: should I notify Progressive that my FIL has been served a lawsuit related to the accident? Or should my FIL notify USAA? Or both? And should I be expecting a lawsuit as well?

Thank you for any guidance you can offer, and happy to answer any other questions."
"Parent recorded conversation on the phone (Texas) I called a parent of a child we (the school) are expelling. The parent has already threatened legal action. I’m not worried about it. 

When I called she told me to hold and then messed around for a min or two, and then told me to repeat everything I had said. She asked very specific questions and was talking in a way that I am 100% sure I was being recorded. 

I know it is legal for her to record me in Texas since one party (her) consents to being recorded, but would that tape be admissible in court if she never told me she was recording?

I didn’t say anything that I need to be worried about, I’m just curious. Thank you LA!"
"Insurance company is refusing to pay for all the damages caused in a vehicle accident. (TX) There is a difference of $1800 that the insurance is refusing to pay, in which the shop has said would be left for me to pay. Their reason is because the parts that the shop bought are from a different vendor of those they normally do business with. The parts vendor of insurance choice do not offer warranty on the parts they sell and  my shop doesn’t do business with part companies who do not offer warranty since they’ll be giving me lifetime warranty on the work.  I also want to add that the vehicle had all original Honda parts and were not aftermarket before the accident. Does the body shop HAVE to use the insurance vendor of preference? Ive never had to deal with any of this until now so any advice helps. I’m currently at work but plan on calling an attorney when I get a chance. 

Sorry in advance for any typos, currently on mobile. "
Landlord's gross negligence has left my apartment and my possessions covered in dust. KENTUCKY, USA - Drywall construction in my apartment has left it covered in dust. You can smell and taste it with every breath and it is irritating to inhale causing coughing fits, etc. My possessions are covered in the fine gypsum; computers, television, kitchen utensils, clothing, bedding, etc. It is disrupting my roommates sleep and poses a serious impediment to daily activities like cooking and recreation. No effort was made to clean the dust. I have notified the management company, to whom I pay my rent, but based on their response I am afraid nothing of substance will be done while my roommates and I are expected to live in this dust. Our lease agreement, as far as I can comprehend, prohibits lawsuits excepting in the case of gross negligence. Does this represent gross negligence? Would I be overstepping to request a remission of this months rent? Would it be wise to contact an attorney? If yes, should I notify the management company once I have done so?
Hospital billed wife's insurance incorrectly for son's birth. Carrier provided payments but retracted after two years, now hospital says we're responsible for $15k My son was born in September 2017 and was put on my insurance from birth. We received bills against my wife's insurance and I called in early 2018 to have it billed correctly. I cannot find a way to prove this and the hospital is saying it never happened. Now they've sent me a bill saying I owe what the incorrect insurance had paid 2 years later. Bother policies were under the same carrier so I did not realize it was still wrong. Now that they've retracted payment I'm finding out I'm  outside of the timeframe I'm able to have it claimed correctly. Do I have any recourse or am I stuck with this large bill?
"[Missouri] Landlord attempting to evict... Hi all, in a bit of a tight spot here. My landlord and the person she uses to manage the property have decided to evict. The way they are going about this is questionable, at best. From my own research, landlords are required in the state of Missouri to give a 5 day notice to either pay past due rent, or quit the property. We did not receive this notice. Instead we received a court summons. 

Prior to this she attempted to raise the rent on us with less than 5 days notice (from what I'm seeing this requires 30 day). 

I gathered the amount listed on the summons, confirmed with the property manager that it would be enough, and arranged to meet her tomorrow... Only to have her claim that now it was not enough, and increased the dollar amount by $660. I can't get that so quickly - I took money out of my ROTH 401(k) to even get what we have. Again, this is a LARGE amount more than what is listed in the court documents. She is stating that we have to have the full amount, including the added amount that was just last week not required according to her property manager, by Wednesday or she is going forward with the eviction. I don't know what resources I have. Hell, I don't even know if what she is doing is legal. Please help? "
My grandma says her Will will pass down blood-to-blood (i.e. skip my partner if something happens to me and go straight my son). Is this something that can be done? I understand that her heart is in the right place but I would devastated to think that my soon to be wife would have literally nothing if I passed. But I’m sure it’s whatever is in my Will that would be passed down and not the estates passed down previously, I’m on the right mark?
Land lord wants me to pay $1300 down payment when I’m not sure if I’m moving in yet. I was planning on leasing an apartment with 2 of my friends from college. A couple of months ago I was supposed to pay a 900 dollar fee which covered my security deposit and last months rent. My out of state father wanted to help help support by paying half the cost but needed time to accumulate the funds so the land lord allowed me to sign the lease once I had the money at a later date. Fast forward to the virus, and both of of us ended up getting temporarily layed off from work. The only reason I was planning on living there was because of school and now classes have gone remote for the summer. I’m also not sure whether or not school will be remote for the fall so I would rather hold onto the money until at the earliest August so I have a better idea of what’s happening. Both of my roommates have already signed their leases and paid their deposit so they’re locked in to their contracts, but the landlord keeps trying to push me to sign and move in even though I’m not currently obligated to pay anything. What kind of negotiating power do I have here? My goal is to wait until I get a better idea of how my college is going to proceed before I make a decision.
"[Houston, TX] My former roommate owes me ~$1245 in unpaid rent and utilities. By the time my former roommate and I moved out of our shared apartment, he owed me $2491 due to him never paying his half of the bills on time or in full. He has since paid back half of it, but is now very delinquent on the last half. I should probably add that he owes our former boss (we used to work at the same place) ~$500, and a former coworker of ours ~$500 as well.

He is now completely ignoring all of our phone calls and text messages, obviously with the intention of screwing us over, since it's been months since the last time he spoke to any of us. Every time we've spoken to him, we've been nothing but civil.

Before we both moved out however, he made a contract that said he would repay me the $2491 in 4 installments (of which he paid 2), which we both signed. I witnessed him signing it if that matters, as did the former coworker he owes $500 to (but they probably forgot). Afterwards I signed it as well.

I should probably note that he only paid me in cash for the first 2 installments, and that I know where he currently works (but I don't know exactly where he lives).

[Here is a link to a picture of the contract we signed](https://sli.mg/9AfZ9B)

**TL;DR:**

* **former roommate owes me $$, we both signed a contract they made that says they'd pay me back, but have only paid half of it.**

* **Is the above contract enough evidence for me to win against them in small claims court?**

* **Would getting a lawyer be a good idea for this case? Or would it cost too much money?**"
Asked to leave my apartment. So about 2 months ago I moved to a new apartment, I had been there over a month when the landlord, who I believe is the owner of the townhouse I had been renting, came to my door with a paper saying that the home owner's association that was in charge(not sure exactly how this works) of the townhouse I was renting wanted us out in 2 weeks. He said to me that my roommate's background, who is staying with me, was not up to their acceptable terms. I fail to see how this is ok after having been here for well over a month before this is an issue. This is in Illinois. We both signed the 1 year lease. Any help/info is appreciated.
Counterfeit money Recently the police searched my car and found 5 fake 20 dollar bills,  but then they just let me go and took the money. What does this mean? Will I be charged later? What are the charges? - Minnesota 
"FL : Recently unemployed roommate's plan to pay rent is reliant on God My roommate lost their job 2 weeks ago. They have not gone to any interviews but say they have submitted applications. I have lived with them since Jan. 1, 2015. Today, I asked what their plan was to pay April's rent and this is the conversation via text: 

Me : ""What is your plan for paying April's rent?""
Them : ""To be honest I don't have a set ""plan."" I may sound crazy but I'm truly trusting God. You've always received rent from me 4-5 days in advanced [advance] or right on time, and you will receive an on time payment for April too :)""
Me : ""God helps those who help themselves.""

I am the only one on the lease. She was supposed to fill out a roommate application at the request of my leasing company which she did not submit, per the lease company. She may or may not have filled it out, but she did not pay the application fee. She has paid rent on time for Jan., Feb., and March. 

Additional Information : Upon moving in she emailed a document that says she leases from me and pays rent that includes internet, electricity, water, trash/sewage from Dec. 31, 2014 to July 31, 2015. She electronically signed and sent me the document via email. 

What are the my options? What are your recommendations?


"
"Travel Insurance company refuses to give me a policy refund on cancelled trip because my tour company gave me a credit refund. How does this make any sense? I bought a travel insurance policy through an online company for $120 for a trip this May. I live in GA, it covered a 9 day trip all over Turkey. My trip was obviously cancelled, and the tour company gave me a 110% credit refund (they were not giving real refunds). So I obviously am not using the insurance policy and it was completely useless in helping me recover any costs - nothing was covered! So no claims have been opened, the policy is unused.

Their website made it seem simple, saying
“Work with your travel provider to see if they can offer you different trip dates, a refund, or a credit. If you haven’t used your travel insurance policy, you can request a refund. You also have the option to change the dates of your policy should you reschedule your trip.”

Ok so I email them. They say “From an insurance perspective, there has to be nothing left to protect for us to offer a refund, and getting a credit or voucher means that you’re still going to be traveling and could run into some risks that need to be covered by the plan. While we won’t issue refunds when your trip costs have been returned to you as travel credits or vouchers, we are matching the offer provided by your travel suppliers by giving you a chance to travel – under the protection of our plans –  at rescheduled dates.”

They won’t let me reschedule the dates because I can’t go on the same 9 day turkey trip, I can’t reuse it. What I DO NOT UNDERSTAND is the “From an insurance perspective, there has to be nothing left to protect for us to offer a refund, and getting a credit or voucher means that you’re still going to be traveling and could run into some risks that need to be covered by the plan”. If they just cancel the plan, there is absolutely nothing left that they have to protect? The policy will be void. It’s not like they’re covering me when I go on the rescheduled trip. There IS nothing left for them to protect? They won’t cover anything when I travel again, so why are they saying that? 

I feel like they just know lots of people aren’t getting full real refunds and they just don’t want to give refunds. Why should they get to keep my money when I am getting *absolutely nothing* in return and the policy is useless to me? How are they allowed to do this? 

I know it doesn’t seem like much money but I’ve lost much more than I wanted to for a huge trip that was cancelled and this logic is just pissing me off. 

TIA"
"(NY) Former employer denying back pay, threatening instead to sue for ""damages"" caused to business I've never gotten myself into a potential legal scuffle until now (I cannot afford an attorney, while I know he definitely has legal backing) and seeing the threat greatly scares me, but here goes:
I was under the employment of the gentleman for roughly several months, beginning around May 2017 and ending early October that year. During that time, he would obtain contracts from tech companies, i.e. Spencer Technologies, and reassign them to me as an unofficial subcontractor to fulfill on his behalf. As I understood later, this practice is generally frowned upon, but I overlooked this as I had anticipated that he would pay me fairly after some time.

Fast forward to the beginning of October. Not only was he erratic with payments (the average I have ever received from him once in a blue moon was $100), but I feared continuing working with him due to his violent and confrontational behavior, sometimes showing itself abruptly whenever I asked him about my pay. I decided to leave him ASAP--and I had, by claiming that I would be leaving for another country. This was a lie, but I feared him and wanted to leave him as quickly as I could.
I reached out to him once again around November, asking if I could collect upon the remainder of the back pay that he had never fulfilled. Through that time and all of December, he lead me to believe throughout texts that he would PayPal me the rest of the amount. He went dark mid-December until now, which lead me to calling as many tech companies as I could remember and requesting copies of past work orders to protect myself with. I have a spreadsheet that was compiled before my departure with all of their respective ID numbers.

Today, I wake up to find that not only did he reject my repeated requests to pay the remainder of the hours that I've put into those work orders, but that he would be looking towards taking the matter to court, as I have apparently caused his business to lose money from work orders that were refunded or cancelled, which he all claims that I have botched (I cannot prove if any of this is true, and I find this very doubtful).
A company that I had also called regarding obtaining old copies of work orders had been tipped off and got into some scuffle with my former employer, which according to him, claims that their relationship has been severely damaged. I never intended to maliciously harm my employer or his company, but in the absence of missing documentation, I sought to protect myself by any means possible.

I would like to know if he has legal precedent to not only docking my back pay completely, but also filing suit against me. It especially frightens me knowing that if it were to actually happen that he would have an attorney by his side."
"Condo asks me to pay fines without any evidence Hi Redditors,

Please help! I'm a single female renter at a condo for a year in Maryland. I'm moving across country for a new job. Over the weekend, the movers came.

When they arrived, security told me no moving on weekends, because the loading dock is closed. I DIDN'T KNOW THAT. I said I have to work during the weekdays; plus, I don't have much stuff. Two big suitcases, and some boxes. No furniture. Nothing big. Even myself can move the boxes out of the front door one by one. And I don't need to use the loading dock.

The security said okay and let the movers up.

When we actually started moving, it was very quick since I don't have much stuff. We weren't making any noise or chaos or blocking anyone's way, as it was a very spacious/ partially empty condo, and I only have clothes, shoes, small appliances like the blender.  Another security came up and told me that the movers are blocking traffic. I didn't know where they parked at the time, so I said sorry I'll go down and check, and tell them to get out of the way if they blocked anything. 

I went to basement floor (parking lot) where the movers went, saw no one in sight. All doors, including garage doors, were closed. They were outside on one side of the side-street, putting my boxes inside the van. The entire side street was empty.

Just to be clear, they parked on the dead-end side street where the loading dock was. But like the condo said the loading dock isn't even open on the weekends, so there was no traffic at all.

A week later I received a letter from the condo management, claiming that I blocked traffic, and I damaged one of the doors on the basement level. (without presenting any evidence).

The condo showed me a rule issued in 2009 which says no move on weekends. --- That's 4 years before I moved in, and I've never seen that rule.

The condo asked me to pay a fine for violating the rule I've never seen before, and the fine for the damaged door.


What do you think I should do?? I feel this comes out of nowhere.

If I was moving an entire bed or something big, then it might be possible to damage the door, but seriously, I only moved some boxes and suitcases. Some people's Thanksgiving shopping haul is going to be bigger than mine!

Please help. Thank you!"
"(New York) College isn't ""fixing"" technological issues in our campus apartment. Can we do anything? I already tried doing some research online and found a list of ""minimum living standards"" for the SUNY system. My roommates and I have a apartment in a state school that's part of the SUNY system. It's here:
(https://www.suny.edu/sunypp/documents.cfm?doc_id=347) 

Sorry for not linking. I'm on mobile. 

Last semester, around October, when I moved in my roommates (who were already here) said we didn't have cable in the living room. Whatever, wasn't a big deal because they said they told CTS (the department that deals with these things). A couple months passed and they did nothing. The outlet itself is sticking out of the wall. The cables are out and the outlet where everything is supposed to plug in (phone and ethernet jack as well as the cable) is dangling there. CTS said they ""won't fix it unless it's smoking"" and even then they'll check it to see if we tampered with it to make it do that. They told my roommate that verbally so I don't even know if that's verbatim or what.

The RA came for a inspection and asked if everything was working. I mentioned the cable and he said he'd tell them.  Again, nothing happened. 

Now, I don't care if the TV works or not. I don't need a TV. Don't know how my roommates feel but that's where I stand on this. 

We moved back in yesterday for the spring semester. Cable still isn't fixed. We went to rent our router from CTS so we could get WiFi. We're not allowed to bring our own routers so we have to use theirs. It wasn't working and so today my roommates went in to have it inspected. CTS said they fixed it and sent them back to the apartment. We get here and it's still not working. We called back to tell them and they basically shrugged us off. I don't know what was explicitly said as my roommate spoke to them on the phone.

I don't need TV. Don't care about that. I know that's a luxury. But I DO need the internet. I stay up countless nights because my assignments are given online and then I typically have to somehow utilize the internet into my work (usually for tutorials, stock images, readings, etc). Not to mention we have wireless printing for all of our work. The library has closing times and I'm in class all day so that means I'd have to somehow squeeze in time to do everything. 

The document I found for minimum living standards said the university has to fix or replace any items/appliances/etc in the dorms and apartments. That a report has to be made when anything malfunctions or doesn't work and it should be fixed that semester and shouldn't typically extend into the next semester. At least that's my understanding of it. I may have interpreted it incorrectly. 

My thing is that I'm paying the same amount of money as everyone else who lives in my building. The difference is that they have those two things that work and we don't. 

And our heater in the living room is broken. It only blows out cold air (yes it has a fan and a heater option). We raised it all the way to 90 and waited a half hour and it only let out cold air. The apartment is freezing at night and we're ""advised"" not to buy personal heaters. We end up putting the oven on and leaving it open to heat up the common area. 

My thing is this: I have the impression that we have to tough this out and just deal with it. I know if this were to happen in a ""real"" apartment that this wouldn't be happening. But do we have any ground to stand on to say something if we're living on campus? And if so what can we do, if anything? Although honestly I feel like we just have to handle it all till May when we leave and get reassigned. Do we have the same rights as tenants living in a ""normal"" apartment off campus?"
Time clock scam My daughter’s ex boss used to schedule their daily morning meetings at 8:30 am. All employees were required to clock in at 8:23 so by 8:30 they were ready to meet. They could not log in at 8:22 because then they would have to be paid from 8:15.  And when you clock in at 8:23 you are paid from 8:30. Something does not seem right about this. Is this even legal?
"I filed for unemployment almost 5wks ago and have not been told if I'm verified/approved yet. If my job starts back up before I hear from the unemployment office, am I still legally owed the money I should've been paid during this time? My claim begins on 4/5. I received a letter a week later stating they couldn't verify my I.D. so I had to send in a copy of my I.D. and my last pay stub. I sent all that in on the same day I received the letter and have yet to hear back from the unemployment office.

Around here, the city is tentatively set to partially open up again on May 15th. If it does, and I go back to work, am I still going to get the unemployment I should've received? Assuming they approved my claim? 

What if they end up denying my claim, can I re-file for the same time period? There's no reason I should be denied, as I had a full-time job prior to the business closing, but I moved to CA from another state last year and I believe the reason they wanted a copy of my I.D. is because I hadn't gotten a CA I.D. yet, just had my old state's I.D."
"Employer Falsely Spreads That I Tried To Sabotage Another Employee Louisiana Hi Reddit, I have made a few post about this company before (will link), and I know I should have cut my loses earlier but due to not very solid reasons I have not. So some back ground first, after the guy who was pushing us to serve bad shrimp fired me after throwing them away (insubordination) he left about 2 months later. I came back, was promoted to management and the GM at the time stopped showing up so they replaced him. That makes 3 GMs in under a year. New GM has no experience in full service restaurants, and goes back to selling bad food. This time serving steak that had been cooked up to  over 48  hours prior and reheated twice.

Main point: At this point, he brings in some one from a pizza chain he worked with. They already don't pay us enough, $9.50 as management. For comparison, Chipotle, our competitor starts at that wage. He brings her on as management and plans on giving her our store when he gets another. I found her raise form in the copy machine, approved for a higher pay than the rest of all of us. The best part, not one of us has gotten so much as an evaluation, much less a raise and I've been here for 2+ years. I was working a 14 hour straight shift, so I closed like normal and left my letter of resignation on the desk. on the 30th, a few days later, I go in after not hearing anything from anyone to check for the schedule and to drop off some sushi I got for an early b-day present for my self to a buddy who also works with me. I'm then confronted by the new girl and she tells me that all the pilots were blown out and the GM and another manager say I was trying to sabotage her because she is paid more. This job is one hell of a hostile work environment an on many nights it's made me think how easy it would be to put my car in a tree or post, but I would never harm some one. She has a kid, and to think I could do that to some one is insane. (at this point I realize I am ranting, but have typed enough that I don't want to go back and edit) Every one now believes I tried to basically kill someone by leaving gas to fill the store. Is there any way I can build a case, or should I just cut my loses and report to the health dept.? I have a few gigs worth of pictures of rat shit covered things I think would interest them.

TLDR; people think I tried to kill some one, is there any thing I can do?"
"Unauthorized use of trademark - Canada/USA Hi,

I live in Alberta, Canada.
I started up a small consulting business.
I went to my registry, got my Nuans search done, and was accepted to name my company. 

Got a website, logo, Email done... 

10 Months later, I've received a letter from a company from the USA that claims I am violating ""US Laws"" with my company name being unauthorized to use that trademarked name...

Why would this not come up at the registry that I can't use that name if I actually am violating anything?  Can they do anything within Canada if I'm violating US law??

Should I actually be worried, or are they just trying to squash the little guy?"
"[MA] Can my landlord come into my apartment at any time with no warning if I'm on a month to month lease? I have been living here for 2 months on a month to month lease.  The lease states: ""Space rented: The house except laundry and utility space for landlord access"".  This is the only thing in the lease that mentions my landlord having access.

He comes to the house about 4 times a week and harrasses me and my roommate.  I get texts from him constantly about different problems like him telling me that I need to clean the apartment only a day after the cleaning guy comes.  It's my word against his but the apartment is next to spotless 99% of the time.

Last week he evicted my roommate (gave him 30 days) because he didn't like the smell of the food that my roommate was cooking.

I could go on and on but you probably get the idea.  Is there anything I can do?  If I complain, he'll evict me.  I want to file a police report but I don't know if that's the best thing to do. I do plan on moving out but I not for 3 months.



"
"GF [living in Ontario] was raped by her visiting cousin [lives in Florida], and after returning to florida impregnated and married a girl. How can I let new wife\child services type authorities know without being libelous if prosecution in Ontario doesn't work? Hi Everyone. I live in Toronto with my girlfriend. Her first cousin [who lives in Florida] visited and stayed with my GF's family a year and a half ago for a few months. When he left, she told me that he fed her shots with her sister, and she woke up and he told her they had sex. She was scared to tell anyone for a while because of the strain it would put on her financially struggling, divorced parents. When she opened up about it, she said that he's done this before, the first time being when she was 11 years old [he is five years older].

She went to the police after she opened up about it, and has had trouble with prosecution [he said, she said].

He now lives in Florida again and has since [very quickly] impregnated and married a girl.

GF and I want to message his new wife\her friends to tell her what he did, how far can we go without being libelous?"
"Company not paying out full vacation hours after termination I was recently terminated from my position in which I had around 80 hours of vacation accrued.

I just received a letter agreement from HR in the mail and it states that it will only payout up to 40 hours of vacation. Is this allowed? I'm in Missouri."
"Dropping assault charges and still filing a civil claim? [California] I was assaulted and had my property destroyed (&gt;$1000) by a stranger yesterday. I was more shaken up than hurt, and pissed that my stuff was destroyed. I filed a police report and pressed charges but I'm starting to fear retaliation after thinking about how crazed this person was. I don't want my family being hurt while I'm not home to defend them, and I'm sure that my address will come out in court proceedings.

1) Am I able to call the office assigned to the case and drop the charges? 2) Could I still file a civil claim for the damage of my property?"
"Speeding ticket during holiday in Nevada. How do i pay? Didn't get a copy of the ticket. Hi,

Last month while visiting Las Vegas (we're from the Netherlands), we rented a car and drove to the Grand Canyon Skywalk.
I was speeding and got a ticket, here:

http://goo.gl/maps/Vb1hU

We were a bit stressed and after we drove off, we realised we didnt get a copy of the ticket. He toldme to make sure i call and pay with creditcard before february 20.
Since i dont have a copy, i Googled and found the Kingman Justice Court. Called them twice, but they say they cant find my ticket and i have to call back later.

I'm a little worried they still won't have my ticket next week and my case goes to court. What can i expect then? I don't wantto get arrested next time i go to the States.
Also, should i do more? Call other people/courts?

Any advice would be greatly appreciated, since i know virtually nothing about the US legal system."
"legality question maybe wrong flair but whatever. any help appreciated

trying to build an online store and start a crowd funding page as im working on a line of dry herb vaporizers that i will be putting up for sale on the website. so my question is, how should i approach the advertisement and mentioning of the product. would it be illegal or again guidelines to openly talk about the use of the product with marijuana, and should i be bluffing with the same story most paraphernalia stores say, ""for tobacco use only"". and if i were to create a video presentation for the crowd funding page would it be counter productive to include mention of marijuana and the community/culture built around it.  ps i live in massachusetts where marijuana is still a touchy subject. i intend on moving to colorado but that would be after the start up of this business. if it is illegal or at least not smart of me to advertise or sell products related to marijuana out of massachusetts. would matters be different if the manufacturing and shipping comes out of a place where it is legal. i.e. colorado"
"Car title transfer help/ advice? Friend is visiting from SC to Ohio and I plan to buy his car as he buys another one in OH and I've personally never have done a title transfer and am a little curious of the fully process and how switching insurances is going to be. He's also not sure about the temp tags from going from OH back to SC and how that process is like. I generally get the process of the title transfer it's more so the insurance and the OH to SC process for him. 

Also, for some details, the car I'm buying from my fiend is fully paid off and the car he's planning to buy will be bought with a loan. Unsure if that has any correlation with the process for him."
"[SC] I got a speeding ticket and if it shows on my MVR I lose my job. What are my options? Basically the title. I have 2 occurences on my MVR within a 3 year period and if I get a third then I can no longer perform my job. I was doing 62 in a 40 and told the officer that I will be in court to fight it because it's only chance. What are my options? Is there anyway to not get this ticket on my MVR (motor vehicle record)


[EDIT]: I will talk to an attorney on Monday. I'm just currently very sad and feel completely hopeless and I was really hoping that this post could shine a light at the end of this very bleak tunnel I'm heading down."
"What kind of lawyer do we need? NC, USA

My husband and I did IVF last year that resulted in 8 embryos that are currently on ice using our genetic material. The clinic had us sign a few documents before starting on what to do which the embryos in the case of divorce or if one/both of us die. However we would like to give the embryos to a family member in the case that both of us die, which was not an option on the original documents we signed. My question is what kind of lawyer do we need? Just one who does wills? Fertility lawyer?"
"Friends mom is abusive Have a friend who is 30. She and her ex have split custody of their one 8 year old child. 
Friends mother is a drunk but wont admit it and is also mentally and verbally abusive and constantly puts her daughter on blast on facebook. Her daughter who we will call M when she doesnt have her child goes out and does party with family and friends when covid isnt a thing. M's mom we will call B, constantly harassed M and threatens to take her child away and says if she leaves for her trip to oregon she is taking the child and getting CPS involved. This has been planned for months that M would be going to Oregon to get a real break away from the drama as its a constant in her life. 
B constantly goes to Ms house during the quarantine and causes drama with her threatening to kick her out of her own apartment that has Ms name on the lease and threatening to move in.l because ms brother is a mental wreck (also because of the mothers abuse) 

Ive constantly told her to keep a paper trail of whats going on so if she ever needs to build a case she has that and she refuses. Is there anything that can be done to protect not only herself but her child from her mother? Ive said restraining order but she refuses. Or is she just doing this all for attention? I dont know anymore. Im pregnant and at the end of my ropes"
Out of state college fees I attended community college just over four years ago and was charged $2000 in out with of state fees even though I was a resident of the state the college was in. I was unable to prove I was a resident to them because they said the only way I could would be to show them last year's tax returns, but I wasn't claimed by my parents and I wasn't working at the time. I reluctantly paid the $2000 because I was joining the military and they wouldn't allow me to join with outstanding fees. How could I go about proving to the college my residency at the time and get my money back?
"[AZ] My mom gambled away our rent money, and now I have an eviction on my record at 20. Is there any way to lessen the amount of time on my record? My mom didn’t let me know in enough time for me to try and fix the issue, and this was so unexpected. I just need to know what my options are. 

Edit: I understand there’s not much for me to do. An eviction lasts for how long on your record? Is it seven years like bankruptcy or until the debt is paid off?"
"(deceased grandfather) Real estate/Estate laws across 3 states. I think. My grandfather (AZ) died over a year ago and my mother (CA, USA) who is mentally compromised was the executor of his estate. Myself and the siblings (KS) were not notified that he had land in AZ. My mother's boyfriend convinced her to sign everything including land over to him. I just found out about this. He took advantage of a woman who has severe mental illness and brain damage. He claims he paid over $30000 in back taxes to keep the property from the IRS. That would amount to about 12 years of unpaid property tax. Wouldn't the IRS have seized the assets years ago? Is there any recourse for us? 

Any info would be helpful."
"Guess this could be hipaa too I run equipment at a lumber yard and am completely isolated for other employees. 

So the other day my girlfriend (works in the medical field)  had a rise in temperature below what the CDC ranges as a fever her along with several coworkers were sent for precautionary covid-19 tests. I was having a general conversation with my supervisor and mentioned this just in case something that we won’t expecting did come back in the test results well he told me I was allowed to stay at work but that I couldn’t go to the bathrooms or break room. The following day a coworker calls me and says that he has been told to cover my shift for the next couple days I called my supervisor to find out what is going on he states that I’m not allowed to be at work until the test results come back then tells me that I will not be paid for being out of work. So the test results come back negative I go back to work a couple days later I had to use vacation days to cover The lost hours which caused me to lose the overtime that I already had then I find out that my supervisor has told everybody in the facility that my girlfriend tested positive for the virus. And I know of two employees who had to be out for two weeks because a family member had the virus and they were paid but they are under a different department

So I guess my question is is there anything I can do legally about the time lost since neither one of us were showing signs or symptoms and it was just a precautionary test and is there any thing I can do about him throwing her false personal information around at work"
What is the difference between a $400 &amp; $200 per hour lawyer in Ma. Seriously, not being cheap or a wise ass and please spare me the math jokes. But for a relatively simple divorce do I need the $400-500 per hour Boston lawyer?
"Wrong item delivered legally do I need to return? So I purchased something from hsn and the package had a shipping label with my name on it but in the box was not what I ordered but a much more expensive item. 

Aside from it being super shitty to keep the much more expensive item, which I will return the argument between family is legally do I have to return the much more expensive item?"
"My roommate lied to her subleaser and me and now I’m in the lease alone I’m on mobile so the formatting may be off. 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

My roommate told me at the end of November that she had found a subleaser for her room since her job was moving her.  She had me sign a roommate dissolution form so that the new roommate could be added to the lease. I was told that the new roommate would be moving in at the beginning of January and my old roommate paid her half of December’s rent.

On Friday I texted my new roommate to make sure she knew that rent was due that day and she told me that her application had been denied.  She said that she had told my old roommate this at the beginning of December.  Neither the leasing office or my old roommate had informed me of this.  The application was denied because the new roommate has a dog and our lease doesn’t allow dogs.  My old roommate never mentioned to me that the new roommate had a dog, but admitted to me last night that she knew long before asking me to sign the roommate dissolution form.  My old roommate has blocked my number sometime between last night and this morning.  

This morning I called the leasing office and they confirmed that I am now the only person on the lease.  I had to pay the second half of this month’s rent and utilities this afternoon.  They are currently considering waiving the late fees due to the situation. 

I’m wondering if I would be able to take legal action against my old roommate for not disclosing that the subleaser’s application was certainly going to be denied due to the dog issue when I signed the roommate dissolution.  The internet bill is also still in my old roommate’s name and I have no idea how to change that since she blocked my number. 

I’m also wondering if the leasing office had a legal obligation to tell me that they had denied the subleaser’s application. 

Any and all advice would be appreciated, thanks you!"
Questions about short schedules and forced sick time (MA) I currently work at a lab where we were deemed essential because of the testing we do (not healthcare related). At the beginning of the shut downs we were given an extra 10 days of sick time.  However work has continued at a slower than normal pace than in previous years but we have been at a 32 hour cap for three weeks now. With them using the sick time to fill the gap to 40 hours per week.  I’m supposed to be salaried but apparently if you go under an amount of hours you are paid hourly.  There is no overtime regardless. Can someone educate or point me in the right direction of the legality of this?
"Seattle: My car got towed in front of my townhouse while I’m abroad. There were no signs no parking. Towing company wants to sell car in auction I went to visit my family abroad. Left my car in front of my townhouse. When I was checking security camera few days ago. I found that the car is missing. I could see there is curbside construction happening now. I guess that’s the reason why my car was towed. At the time when I was leaving, there was no sign announcing such construction.
I contacted towing company and they said they will put car to auction after 21-28days. The fee is already $380 and counting everyday.

What are my options here? I can interrupt my vacation and go back obviously, but I’m interested more in fact that I was abroad and there was no way me knowing about the construction"
Car accident in Australia, Melbourne Hi to all, this did not happen to me but to my friend on 20 Dec. My friend was rear-ended onto her by the car behind her. Her insurance just expired a few days prior and yet to renew, the opposite party claims not to have insurance as well. My friend has taken photo of their licence plate and driver license as per protocol. After a few days of negotiation, the opposite party seems not wanting to pay for the repair fee claiming its too expensive and they don't have the money. Police were contacted but officers claim they can't do anything as well. We are trying to talk to lawyers but are there other legal ways to get that compensation ?  This happened in Australia, Victoria State. Thanks for any response. Happy holidays.
I (16M) have not seen my father in over 3 years and cut contact with him, is it possible to make my mother my sole guardian? I cut contact with my father over three years ago because of a lot of ongoing issues that I won’t get into, however I’m restricted from doing things that require his approval now such as getting a passport or getting my ears pierced. They seem like small trivial things, but it bothers me and represents a shadow he still has over my life. Officially, I’m supposed to be still visiting him and he’s supposed to be paying child support but he has not payed in about 4 years (unsure of the exact time but I know he stopped paying for a while before I stopped seeing him). We don’t have much money for lawyers or any legal battle but I crave that freedom. Unrelated, but in case state laws are important for this, I’m in Louisiana but he moved to Texas during the time contact has been cut. Obviously the court agreement has been broken but legally he still has split custody of me, what are my options? How can I fix this?
"Roommate went crazy. Acting completely insane, owns a gun. We want her to leave and she never signed a lease. Our roommate has been acting completely insane (writing cryptic notes about ""eyes in the skies"", growling at our cats, not eating or going to work for days on end) and owns a gun. We've left the house at this point and called her telling her to leave the house permanently within the next 24 hours. She insists that she has until the 5th which I'm willing to let her do, but what should I do if the 5th comes around and she hasn't left. I can call the police and have them remove her right? 

We never had her sign a lease with us. The last check for rent money she gave us was a month ago. 

We're located in Connecticut."
